Five new running shoes that aim to go the extra mile
Gym Rat: Disq class at Crunch is intense workout on pulley system
Noshing through thousands of ideas at Natural Products Expo West
Natural Products Expo also explores beauty, supplements and more
Free Fitness Weekends in South Bay beach cities aim to spark activity
For Kayla Harrison, sacrifices paid off with judo gold
Sonic waves a treatment for Alzheimer's Disease?
An ultrasound for the brain restores memory in Alzheimer's w/o so much as a needle. But only--so far--in
Is Apple's new ResearchKit really a boon for medical research?
Warning to Chantix users: If you drink while taking this drug, you might not remember it the next day.
Some Chantix users had memory problems after drinking a modest amount of alcohol, @US_FDA says
Guanine isn't just an ingredient in DNA. In nanocrystal form, it allows chameleons to change colors. @NatureComms
The @US_FDA has documented 64 cases of Chantix users having seizures after using the smoking cessation drug
Drinking while taking Chantix may make people more inebriated and aggressive than usual, @US_FDA warns
The @US_FDA warns Chantix users that the smoking-cessation drug could cause seizures and make drinking problematic
Loving a kid is good for his self-esteem; thinking he is better than other kids can make him narcissistic
Parents can create narcissistic tendencies in their children. Here's how, via @PNASNews
"Sadly ... it has been a missed chance," one @WHO official says of testing Ebola drugs
Warning: The Monday after daylight saving time starts is most hazardous to your health. Here's why:
One company has canceled plans to test its Ebola drug because there aren't Ebola patients left. Others may follow
"People are not just born narcissists." Their parents raise them that way, @OhioState's @BradJBushman says.
It's hard to complain about lack of Ebola patients, but one upshot is that scientists can't test possible drugs
With Ebola crisis easing, efforts to test new drugs and vaccines are in jeopardy. Why? Too few patients
Air pollution? Obesity? Genetics? You can study them all via daylight saving time
For scientists, daylight saving time is a great opportunity to conduct all kinds of research.
After shifting fads, time for a clear-eyed look at fat in our diets
Three light-therapy products to aid seasonal affective disorder
A pill to burn calories? "We are quite excited about it," says @EmoryUniversity researcher. So are
Health focus shifts to gut microbiome and nurturing 'good' bacteria
This compound tricks muscles into thinking they were getting regular, intensive exercise. Only in females.
Don't get out of your chair just to work out: even intensive exercise may not help if you sit for long hours.
Why do female killer whales--and humans--live long beyond child-bearing years? To lead.
Patricia Bragg, a living testament to healthful habits
Could a puff of oxytocin keep the pounds away? Preliminary results are encouraging
Oxytocin turns men into cuddly, highly evolved salad-eaters. via @LATMelissaHealy
Boost his levels of the hormone oxytocin and he might evolve into a trim, salad-eating snuggle-bunny.
Boost a healthy aging guy's testosterone and you might raise his risk of heart attack, says FDA.
A potential weight-loss, obesity prevention drug that only works for females? Sweet justice!
A potential weight-loss, obesity prevention drug that only works for females? Sweet
RT @mmacvean: Delicious #goji drink. Not too sweet. From #Sonoma. @NatProdExpo @gojivitatea. #superberries
RT @mmacvean: Is it #natural if it has these? W/ @MicheleRSimon @NatProdExpo #Expowest2015
RT @mmacvean: .@MicheleRSimon talking to companies @NatProdExpo about not getting sued over #natural #Expowest2015 How to do the right
RT @mmacvean: .@srirachasauce goes everywhere. @country archer #beef jerky. @NatProdExpo #ExpoWest
RT @mmacvean: Will these get eating #chia? #chocolate covered. #ExpoWest2015 @NatProdExpo
RT @mmacvean: Ancient Greeks had word for #celiacdisease @GlutenFreeFind. Seminar
RT @mmacvean: In #Anaheim @NatProdExpo #expowest. Let me know of cool new foods.
Good news: The number of twins/triplets/multiples born as a result of IVF keeps falling.
Uh-oh: Even a rigorous workout won't undo the ill effects of prolonged sitting. @ACCinTouch
Look around at 1 and 2-yr-olds. About 1.5% of them wouldn't be here without IVF.
Supplements to boost "low T" increase risk of heart attacks &amp; strokes, @US_FDA warns. Think twice before taking.
The @US_FDA warns men of risks of taking prescription testosterone supplements to boost "low T"
63,286: The number of babies born in 2013 as a result of IVF and other fertility treatments.
Guys: 1) your penis is fine (
Not every study can win a @NobelPrize. But this one, on penis lengths, will be useful to many people @BJUIjournal
Study proves that finger length and foot size DO NOT predict the length of a man's penis
Height is indeed correlated with penis size, but the association is weak. Data from @BJUIjournal
Researchers comb through measurements of more than 15,000 men to see what qualifies as a 'normal' penis
5.2 inches: The average length of an erect penis. Here's the study that crunched the numbers
74% of doctors surveyed said they have complied with parents' requests to 'spread out' childhood vaccines
Doctors often delay vaccines for young children even though they believe it puts these kids at risk. Here's why
Pediatricians and family medicine doctors feel trapped by parents who don't trust expert advice on vaccines
Vaccine-wary parents pressure doctors to delay vaccines, and many go along despite serious reservations
RT @LATerynbrown: Coming home after treating Ebola patients has its challenges, volunteer doctor says
RT @renelynch: Diet is only one part of the Primal lifestyle, @Mark_Sisson told me 
Wind tunnel experiments reveal the REAL reason you have eyelashes:
Clinical trial of #Ebola drug ZMapp now underway in Liberia. Only some of the study participants will get it.
Better late than never? US @NIAIDNews begins clinical trial of ZMapp in Liberia.
Getting primal with Mark Sisson
A brief timeline shows how we're gluttons for diet fads
Innovative sunglasses are a sight for active eyes
Angels' Mike Trout stays one of baseball's best the old way: lots of work
Avatars often reflect a reality about their creators, study finds
The "love hormone" oxytocin kills alcohol's buzz--who knew? Maybe a treatment for alcoholism &amp; other addictions?
Emulsifiers are everywhere in prepared food. A new study says they may cause colitis, pre-diabetes and obesity.
Workout on a Gyrotonic tower gives body what it longs for
Once shunned, Greg LeMond returns to biking world and road to success
'Forest bath' is way to let nature cleanse away stress
Let go of stress by creating your own spa environment
RT @latimesscience: UCLA superbug outbreak: Why the medical scope used is hard to disinfect
Solstice Canyon hike in Malibu takes in ruins of old estate
Gluten-free baking from Kristine Kidd
Pot can change a brain circuit from being one that tells the body it's full to one that tells it to keep eating.
Scientists use genetic engineering to thwart HIV with a big fake-out. Here's how:
RT @mmacvean: Some #ucla #usc research on #meditation. Helps sleep? Have you tried it?
THIS is why marijuana is bad for your diet. Thank the stoned mice @Yale who helped researchers figure it out
Scientists fight HIV by passing the immune system. Instead, they use gene therapy to create decoy molecules
Gene therapy technique functions like an effective HIV vaccine in monkeys. via @Nature
Dozens of stoned lab mice help scientists trace the origins of the munchies. @Nature via @DeborahNetburn
HIV researchers say a gene therapy technique protects monkeys from infection, via @Nature
A simple diet with just one rule worked about as well as the effective - but complicated - @American_Heart diet
If you can eat 30 grams of fiber per day, you can lose weight. That's what happened in this @AnnalsofIM study
When it comes to dieting, simple advice can be effective, @AnnalsofIM study shows
Detailed diet rules produced only slightly better results than a much simpler alternative in new study
Trying to lose weight? Try eating more fiber. Here's why:
When less is more: Advice on losing weight. Simple diet worked about as well as complicated one. @AnnalsofIM
Meditation booms as people seek a way to slow down
Anna Kendrick seeks pitch-perfect balance of work, workouts and sleep
Sad, but perhaps true: "Few individuals ever truly recover from obesity." Expert opinion in @TheLancetEndo
The truth about overcoming obesity is utterly grim. But someone had to say it.
Once you are fat, "body weight seems to become biologically 'stamped in' and defended."
Acid reflux raises serious health concerns
Some heavy-hitting doctors debunk the idea that diet &amp; exercise alone can solve the obesity crisis. In @TheLancetEndo
Advice to "eat less, move more" is not enough to make obese people slim, experts argue in @TheLancetEndo
Little innovations make a big difference for riders
Does your dog know how you're feeling? Perhaps so! They passed this emotional fluency test in Austria
Study identifies more diseases that cause smokers to die: breast &amp; prostate cancer, hypertension, kidney failure
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Can you tell which face is angry and which is sad? Dogs can. via @CurrentBiology 
Estimate of 480,000 smoking deaths per year understates the true toll of cigarettes in America, via @NEJM
How to stop a stroke in its tracks? Go in and grab the clot blocking blood flow to brain.
The health benefits of alcohol consumption are more limited than previously thought, researchers say
Unintended consequence of better federal oversight for organ transplants: Fewer hearts are actually transplanted?
Smoking is even more deadly than you think. So says this special report in @NEJM
44%: The proportion of available donor hearts transplanted into patients in 1995. 29%: Equivalent figure for 2006.
With more patients in need of heart transplants, you might more donor hearts would be accepted by doctors. But ....
L'chaim. Sante. Salud. But only women ages 65 or older can truly drink to their health, study finds
Good news: Health benefits of drinking are real. Bad news: Only for women ages 65 and older. Study in @BMJ_Open
Drink to your health? Only if you're a woman who's at least 65 years old, says study in @BMJ_Open
Sad fact about heart transplants: Only 32% of available donor hearts find their way into patients.
Fed-up doctors who drop unvaccinated patients are at odds with @AmerAcadPeds.
Vaccine ultimatum resulted in 50-100 additional kids getting MMR, says pediatrician who used it
"Patients who are not vaccinated are presenting a clear and present danger," says a pediatrician who won't see them
Smartphone apps keep pace with costly fitness trackers
In the battle of the fitness trackers, @Nike's Fuelband was worst (by far). Study by @miteshpatel in @JAMA_current
Which pedometer is best? @fitbit's One and Zip models were most consistently accurate in this @JAMA_current study
Can't afford a Fitbit? Free smartphone apps are just about as good, @JAMA_current report says
Some pediatricians have run out of patience with anti-vax parents &amp; drop them as patients
Among teens using contraception, researchers @USC &amp; @Harvard found no link between Gardasil and risk of STIs
Teens vaccinated against HPV got more sexually transmitted infections, but so did teens who weren't vaccinated
Parents can breathe easy: HPV vaccine does not make teens more likely to have sex. via @JAMAInternalMed
For teen girls, getting older is a risk factor for STIs. HPV vaccine isn't. Data in @JAMAInternalMed
RT @LATerynbrown: Measles parties in California? Via @KQEDhealth 
Smartphone-based diagnostic lab costs $34; desktop version costs $18,450
This @Columbia invention certainly parts the "smart" in smartphone!
Snow Summit ski school at Big Bear turns out more confident skiers
On Brian Williams: "Memory is prone to error and distortion," says @Harvard psychologist Daniel Schacter
On a 10-point stress scale, low-income folks average 5.2 while higher-income folks average only 4.7.
Lightweight, low-power smartphone device was 100% accurate in diagnosing HIV in Rwanda field tests.
Need to diagnose a case of HIV in remote Rwanda? @Columbia engineers have an app for that!
Memory expert @eloftus1 on @BWilliams: "This could easily be the development of a false memory."
What makes Americans stressed out? Money, work, family responsibilities and health concerns. (Sound familiar?)
Vromage makes an art out of vegan cheeses made with nut milks
Howie Mandel runs to be calm, works to help others with A-fib
Vegan January was full of good food and wise lessons
The gender gap in stress -- 38% of men and 49% of women say money worries stress them out.
America suffers from a "stress inequality gap," much of it due to income inequality.
Doctors inadvertently demonstrate how fecal transplants might help with weight loss.
Fecal transplant cures c. diff infection, but it may have caused this woman to gain 40 pounds ...
When it comes to vaccines, random online comments can be just as persuasive as information from the @CDCgov
The good: People believed @CDCgov's advice about vaccines. The bad: They also believed random online comments
Brain signals hint at why drug addicts make bad choices, via @LATsciguy
Double whammy for cocaine addicts: The drug alters brain circuits that help us learn from our mistakes
Clever produce snacks can turn a school bake sale into an UnBake Sale
On the Internet, the @CDCgov and random online commenters can be equally persuasive about vaccines
New #glutenfree desserts from @KristineKidd Cornmeal blackberry cake was terrific. @CarolBlymire @CeliacAwareness.
8% of people surveyed said they'd rather give up 2 years of life than take a pill every day. Would you?
The ideal "dose" of jogging is a lot lower than you might think.
@owlsrcute Hmmm,
How much do you hate taking pills? In this study, 21% of people said they'd rather pay $1,000 a week instead
Couch potatoes and high-intensity runners were equally likely to die during the 12 years of this heart study:
When it comes to jogging, less is more, study argues
Think you don't have time to exercise? This new study says 1 to 1.4 hrs/week is ideal "dose" @ACCinTouch
88% of FRUIT JUICES made for infants and toddlers contain added sugars. Why?
A typical toddler savory snack has a higher concentration of sodium than potato chips eaten by adults
Processed foods for America's youngest eaters may pave the way for cardiovascular disease years later
Smart sports devices aim to step up performance
FDA has approved marketing of ADHD drug Vyvanse in treatment of binge eating disorder.
RT @aminawrite: Do liberals outlive conservatives? New study elicits debate: 
6 L.A. restaurants for vegans; there are 60 in L.A.
48% -- the percentage of patients in need of organ transplants who actually get them.
Recipients of heart transplants gain 4.9 yrs of life (on average); folks who get kidneys get 4.4 extra years.
Health experts throw cold water on juice cleanse
Juicing trend still going strong in 2015
On the fence about becoming an organ donor? This may help you make up your mind:
2,270,859 -- The number of years of extra life lived by organ transplant recipients.
The researchers who did this study expected Republicans to outlive Democrats. But that's not what happened:
Political ideology, but not party affiliation, is linked with longevity. Liberals lived longer than conservatives
RT @renelynch: Prepare to be in awe: How @fitcheerldr juggles three kids, a full-time job, *Ironman* training + blogging
Researchers boost the power of the 'placebo effect' by giving fake drug a hefty price tag
If it costs more, it must be better? Trial of fake Parkinson's drug shows patients believe this is true
Attention smokers: What would it take to get you to kick the habit? How about $600 in shopping vouchers?
It pays to pay smokers to help them quit. Evidence from @BMJ_company
Researchers find a substance that helps pregnant women quit smoking: MONEY
Break from the bustle of L.A. with a hike in Elyria Canyon Park
“No one should assume e-cigarettes are safe," says James Pankow @Portland_State. Here's one reason why:
Vaping study finds 2.5 times as much formaldehyde in e-cigarette vapor vs tobacco cigarette smoke
Would you like some formaldehyde with your e-cigarette? If so, you're in luck
Poverty is no longer concentrated in inner-cities, and neither is childhood asthma
A majority of affluent and highly educated consumers don't consider posted calories when ordering
Want to boost your odds of losing weight, or quitting smoking? Get your spouse to do it with you:
A study finds low-income, less educated consumers are less likely to heed calorie postings
A first look at consumers' response to calorie-posting looks discouraging. But it's progress.
Low-income, less educated consumers are less likely to heed calorie postings
Another benefit of marriage: Your spouse can help you change your life for the better.
When something is better than nothing: Calories posted on fast food menus.
If this research changes one thing about your pizza-eating habits, it should be to skip the pizza "snack"
Kids love pizza, but it doesn't love them back.
You might want to stand up to read this
Even if you exercise, sitting for long periods of time boosts your likelihood of declining health
Hey! Don't just sit there! Worry about how sitting affects your health!
So, how do I become vegan?
Small, local and delicious health food thrives in L.A. area
ADHD drug Vyvanse reduced binge-eating episodes from 4.5/week (on average) to nearly 0. Better than placebo.
New @US_FDA-approved weight loss device interrupts signals between the brain and the gut
Had a flu shot? Your (average) risk of getting sick enough to see a doctor is 23% lower than it would've been.
One upside to this year's bad flu season: Estimates of "vaccine effectiveness" can be made sooner
Gym Rat: Sharp-eyed teacher enhances Body Sculpt class at SC Fitness
The more you look, the more you find -- especially if you're @NASAJPL on the hunt for #methane
A bad shot is still better than no flu shot, @CDCgov experts say
Kids got the biggest boost from this year's flu shot. It reduced their risk of needing to see a doctor by 26%
Flu shot benefit for adults isn't big enough to be statistically significant (yet) but that could change
Drug looks promising as treatment for binge eating disorder. Bonus: It's already FDA-approved (to treat ADHD)
Would you let surgeons implant this device in your abdomen to help you lose weight? @US_FDA gives its blessing
Baby naps are at least as purposeful as they are peaceful
RT @LATMelissaHealy: Out-of-control eating can cause profound shame. An ADHD drug might stop the bingeing.
How bad is this year's flu shot? It reduces risk of getting sick enough to need a doctor by 23%, per @CDCgov
"Sleeping like a baby" is actually pretty purposeful work. Here's why researchers think so, via @PNASNews
MT @karihow: Brain cancer has taken so much from her, but woman embraces one gift it gave her: creativity.
Out-of-control eating can cause profound shame. An ADHD drug might stop the bingeing.
A newly approved medical device disrupts hunger signals to prompt weight loss.
Ending the #Ebola outbreak in Liberia by June is a "realistic possibility" but not a "foregone conclusion"
Long work weeks may drive more than 2 million people to drink too much, researchers estimate
If you spend at least 49 hours a week on your job, you may be more inclined toward "risky drinking"
How being a workaholic may make you an alcoholic (or at least a risky drinker) @BMJ_company
Researchers see a light at the end of the tunnel for Liberians dealing with #Ebola
Eyes may be the window to the soul but a computer program can judge your personality based on Facebook likes.
With help from Facebook, this computer program may be able to judge your personality as well as your spouse.
Bisphenol S has been replacing bisphenol A, but this study suggests it may be just as bad, if not worse:
Women and younger patients are more likely than others to be taking aspirin 'inappropriately'
Troubling link between bisphenol exposure &amp; prenatal brain development, from study in @PNASNews
If you "like" Snooki, Dr. Who or beer pong on Facebook, here's what that says about your personality
Aspirin may seem harmless, but for some people the risks (excessive bleeding) outweigh the benefits
Bisphenol levels that changed brain development in fetal fish are much lower than levels in the environment
Should YOU take aspirin to prevent a heart attack or stroke? Check here: 
Troubling link between bisphenols prenatal and brain development. @LATMelissaHealy via @PNASNews
12% of people taking aspirin to prevent first heart attack or stroke shouldn't be, study says
Bowhead whales live to be 200 years old. Can their genetic code tell us how they do it?
Did an erratic heartbeat inspire Beethoven's musical genius? Especially as his world went silent, maybe.
Try This!: 'Baby burpees' a great pregnancy exercise option
Kindly app lets strangers bond briefly over troubles
Would you want to live for 200 years? What if you had to be more like an Arctic-dwelling bowhead whale?
3 dietary lifestyles up close: Paleo, veganism and Slow Food movement
Fitness resolution gets help with four ways to make workouts work
Instead of cutting back on the treats come January, shoppers seem to double down @CUFood_BrandLab
Out of the orange jumpsuit, Taylor Schilling stays calm and connected
How an "imaginary meal" could trick your body into burning fat. It worked in mice, still untested in people
What if e-cigarettes were taxed like regular cigarettes, and you couldn't smoke them in public?
Cancer groups @AACR &amp; @ASCO sound open-minded about possible e-cigarette benefits for smokers, but they want proof
It's January, but the contents of your shopping cart still say 'holiday.' @LATMelissaHealy via @PLOSONE
Wondering why your New Year's diet isn't working? Researchers have an idea:
Clever weight-loss idea from @SalkInstitute: Trick the body into burning fat by making it think it has eaten
Post-holiday food shopping keeps the merry going (and calories coming)
E-cigarettes should be presumed dangerous until proven otherwise, @AACR &amp; @ASCO argue:
How soil from a grassy field in Maine might solve the problem of antibiotic resistance (at least for a long time)
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Meet teixobactin, the best news in antibiotics in a LONG time.
Clinical trials of teixobactin, a new antibiotic to fight superbugs, could begin in 2 years
Meet teixobactin, the best news in antibiotics in a LONG time.
Cold environments make it easier for cold viruses to make copies of themselves
Here's how cold (temperatures) help a cold (virus) multiply in your body, via @PNASNews
ICYMI: Scientists @JohnsHopkins explain how stem cells and 'bad luck' cause cancer
That iPad on your bedside table will cost you about 20.6 minutes of sleep per night. via @DeborahNetburn
In the last week of 2014, deaths from flu &amp; pneumonia were just below 'epidemic' threshold, per @CDCgov
43 states have 'widespread' flu activity as of Dec. 27 and 6 others have 'regional' spread.
What do cold temperatures and cold viruses have in common? More than you might think. via @montemorin
Surprised? Small screens (on smart phones, iPads) disrupt kids' sleep more than large screens (ie TVs).
Screen time 'curfew' one hour before bed can help kids sleep better, @UCBerkeley researcher says
Flu activity in California was upgraded from 'sporadic' to 'regional' in the last week of 2014, @CDCgov says:
This bad-news flu season keeps getting worse:
Fitness champs, like Mohammad Ali and Kris Carr, come in all shapes, sizes
Misty Copeland knows how to keep a resolution
Try This!: Jump in the pool for a three-move core workout
Dentists debate need to extract wisdom teeth
Despite menu changes over 18 years, fast food is still bad for you
Watch out for H3N2 this flu season. Unfortunately, it's on a roll.
@CeliacBeast @925mlbfan Hope your families are both on the mend
36 states have "widespread" flu activity, @CDCgov says. Is your state one of them? Check here:
When @DrFriedenCDC warned that H3N2 could make this a bad flu season, he knew what he was talking about
To keep diabetes under control, patients need more than doctors and prescriptions.
Here's one way that going to war can pay off in the long-run for individual warriors via @montemorin
Diabetes patients with food insecurity or housing insecurity are only half as likely to have disease under control
Doctors should look beyond the healthcare system to help their patients with Type 2 diabetes. via @JAMAInternalMed
When money is tight for food and rent, keeping Type 2 diabetes under control is a bigger challenge.
How food and housing insecurity translate into worse health for people with diabetes. via @JAMAInternalMed
Cocktail concoctions that may have you drinking to your health
For New Year's resolutions, go for gradual changes for a big effect
Gear: Four watches that step up the time-telling game
Lindsey Vonn says hard work and single-leg squats keyed comeback
Cardiologists wanted to see how their patients fared without them. The results were NOT what they expected.
Fact: Hypertension is much more common among blacks (42.1%) than whites (28%) Latinos (26%) or Asians (24.7%)
Smart phones are well-named. It appears they DO strengthen part of your brain, the somatosensory cortex.
High blood pressure contributed to more than 362,000 American deaths in 2010, so get screened, experts say
Would you abstain from sex for one year in order to donate blood? That's the ask from @US_FDA for MSM
As the @US_FDA paves the way for some gay men to donate blood, activists call it a "first step"
Curling up in bed with an e-book is NOT the same as curling up in bed with a REAL book. via @PNASNews
New cars may seem extravagant for teens, but the data shows they are safer @IP_BMJ
Cardiologists (unwittingly) demonstrate that less can be more for heart patients @JAMAInternalMed
Attention heart patients: The best time to get very sick may be when your cardiologist is out of town
Teens killed behind the wheel were 46% more likely than adults to be driving mini or small cars @IP_BMJ
Safety experts make the case that teens should be driving newer, larger cars
About 1 in 3 Americans has high blood pressure, but only about 1 in 2 has it under control
How to stop a "silent killer" -- screen for high blood pressure, US Preventive Services Task Force says
Researchers figured half the claims on @DrOz were unsupported by medical evidence. That was optimistic.
Systematic review finds 11% of claims made on @DrOz show are at odds with the medical literature @BMJ_latest
ICYMI: Only one-third of the "advice" on @DrOz show is backed by good or so-so medical evidence. @bmj_latest
If your teen is gonna drive, he/she should drive a newer, larger car, accident data show
The Gym Rat: No-nonsense body sculpting at the Studio (MDR)
BMI may not be the last word on health risks, some experts say
Wearable fitness devices to track goals: Moov, Basis Peak, Misfit Shine
The awkwardness of some teens can be traced to infancy, especially in boys. via @montemorin
To assess an infant's bond with his caregiver, child behavioralists employ the "strange situation procedure"
Kiddie cartoons are 3x more likely than adult movies to feature a murder; parents are 5x more likely to die
Weight loss chemistry: To get rid of 10 kgs of fat, you inhale 29 kg of oxygen and exhale 28 kg of carbon dioxide
Where does the fat go when you lose weight? Exhale as you read the answer here:
"How old do you feel?" The answer may help predict your risk of death in the coming years
"Rife with death and murder" -- how researchers describe kiddy cartoons in @BMJ_latest #ChristmasIssue
Planning to shed a few pounds after all the holiday excess is over? Better check your carbon footprint.
New @Surgeon_General @vivek_murthy is only 37 years old, but 2 of his predecessors were even younger
Move over tobacco: U.S. teens now prefer e-cigarettes. Via @umich Monitoring the Future study
195 milliseconds: The gap between when your brain figures out whether a food tastes good &amp; whether it's healthy
Your brain is wired to undermine your diet. @Caltech scientists figure out how. via @montemorin
Your brain takes less time to figure out how something will taste than to figure out whether it's good for you
In @vivek_murthy, America gets a @Surgeon_General who cares about obesity, gun violence and contraception
Find a walk near you
How old you FEEL may be more important than how old you ARE, this research suggests:
Americans, get to know Dr. @vivek_murthy, your new @Surgeon_General
Factoid from Pediatrics study on e-cigarette in Hawaii: Popular vaping flavors there include mango &amp; pineapple
29% of 9th &amp; 10th graders in Hawaii study have tried e-cigarettes. 18% vaped in past month. @AmerAcadPeds
Study finds significant overlap between use of electronic and regular cigarettes. Does one lead to the other?
Among 9th &amp; 10th graders in Hawaii who had tried e-cigarettes, 41% also smoked traditional cigarettes
Researchers try to unravel whether e-cigarette use makes teens more likely to graduate to regular cigarettes
Study offers support for the notion of e-cigarettes as a gateway drug
Homemade deodorant and scalp treatment recipes
Thanks, @otherwild @earthtuface. Your class inspired my story.
Earth-to-face beauty products grow in popularity
Scientific proof at last: Men really ARE idiots!
Another reason to eat less fat: It seems to improve survival for breast cancer patients @AACR
Gift ideas for the traveling health fanatic
Winter equipment to protect you from ice, snow, the dark and cold
Deepak Chopra walks the walk of spirituality
A new clinical trial seeks to solve the mystery of sudden deaths of otherwise healthy young people
MT @KeithDarce: Coverage of @ScrippsSTSI study using #DNA to solve unexplained #suddendeathsyndrome 
Believe it or not, proposals to limit medical residents' work hours to 28 in a row are controversial
Engineered hormones cause weight loss &amp; improve metabolism in mice. Is it bariatric surgery in a pill?
Nitrous oxide and ketamine both get you high, but they have this in common too: They relieve depression, fast
Laughing gas as an antidepressant? A pilot study suggests it could really work.
Here's what macaque poop can teach scientists about stress-relieving powers of "bromance"
Forcing residents to clock out after 24-hour shifts didn't improve patient safety, via @JAMA_current
You'd think patients would be better off when the doctors who treat them work ONLY 24 hrs in a row. But ...
Mental health may borrow a tool from dental health: laughing gas can banish depression fast.
3D digital mammograms make it easier to find cancers in women with dense breast. (Study funded by company)
Here it is: Scientific proof that kickin' it with the fellas really does help guys chill out
Bad news for those hoping ultrasound would make it easier to find cancers in women with dense breasts
Researchers are zeroing in on the best way to do mammograms for women with dense breasts.
RT @karihow: They call it mobile health: using cellphones for care. In the Sierra, mobile means getting in the car. @LATerynbrown.
Holiday gift guides
What do flu viruses and the weather have in common? Both can be unpredictable.
Counting fingers and toes isn't enough: many parents of newborns clamor to get baby's genome sequenced.
Designing a flu vaccine is always a guessing game. Some years, they guess better than others. via @montemorin
Another example of how timing is everything (for your waistline).
RT @LATerynbrown: How an app -- and bluetooth-enabled blood pressure cuffs! -- helped women improve lifestyle habits #mhealth
If you can't cut back on those tempting foods, could you at least limit your eating hours to 9 per day?
Dominance of H3N2 flu strains (whether in the flu vaccine or not) is NOT a good sign, @DrFriedenCDC warns
Message from @CDCgov to the American people: Get ready for a nasty flu season
More US women in their 30s/40s are having babies, but not enough to make up for slowdown among women in their 20s
RT @latimesscience: This is why the flu vaccine turned out to be a bad match for the viruses actually circulating in the US
Who invited A/Switzerland/9715293 to North America this flu season? @CDCgov wasn't expecting you!
Is a 15-hour daily fast the way to have your cake and eat it too? Yes, if you're a mouse. Maybe for people too.
You are what you eat? Maybe you are WHEN you eat. Compressing the eating day leads to better health (in mice)
US birth rate hits record low in 2013, only 62.5 babies born per 1,000 women of childbearing age via @NCHStats
Here's one reason your flu shot is still useful, even if the experts guessed wrong when they made it
And NO, this doesn't mean your flu shot is worthless (or that you can skip it if you haven't gotten it already)
WHOOPS: The flu virus most prevalent in the U.S. this fall was NOT picked for the vaccine. It happens.
RT @leonardkl: Just after #WorldAIDSDay: MT @LATerynbrown: Truvada, a pill to fight #HIV, stirs controversy
CDC: This year's flu shots may not be a good match for the viruses that are actually circulating in the U.S.
Watch the clock, not your intake? Fasting 15 hours a day won't fit a 24/7 world. But it might help treat obesity.
About two-thirds of Americans with severe depression don't seek professional help. Why? @NCHStats
@CoyneoftheRealm In this study, they were using PHQ-9 only for identification of depression. No treatment was
The vast majority of Americans with depression didn't seek help from a mental health professional
Some depressing news about depression in America, from @NCHStats &amp; @CDCgov
New report from @CDCgov's @NCHStats details gender gap among depressed Americans
Midlife is the most depressing time for Americans, new @CDCgov data show
In in 13 Americans suffers moderate or severe depression, @CDCgov data show
The @CDCgov &amp; @AmerAcadPeds now agree: Circumcision is good for men's health
For a woman who's lodged a sexual assault complaint, a virginity test??? Ummm, it still happens.
The @WHO says "virginity tests" have no scientific validity and violate the human rights of women.
The health case for circumcision: It reduces a man's risk of HIV infection by up to 60%, other STIs by up to 45%
Got thoughts on @CDCgov's new guidelines on circumcision? Here's how to share them:
MALE circumcision benefits WOMEN, by reducing risk of STIs. From @CDCgov's proposed guidelines
Proposed guidelines from @CDCgov endorse MEDICAL benefits of circumcision
Just when, and how, did we humans develop a taste for alcohol? Our ancestors may have picked it up off the ground.
What's the most dangerous toy for kids? Foot-powered scooters (if measured by trips to the ER)
Pop quiz: What products send US kids to the ER once every 3 minutes?
WOW: For American kids, the rate of injuries involving toys has jumped 40% since 1990
RT @latimesscience: Medical advice for holiday shoppers from @nationwidekids: Don't put scooters under the tree
La Tuna Canyon fire road leads to views of city, peaks, even the ocean
'Amazing Race's' Phil Keoghan finds global opportunities to stay fit
The Gym Rat: Ultimate Sandbag class
Turkey, gravy, stuffing, mashed potatoes, pie? Or seven Big Macs? In calories, it could be the same:
How many hours of running (or rowing, or jumping rope) will you need to log to burn off that Thanksgiving meal?
Happy Thanksgiving from @latimeshealth! And before you dig in today, you might want to read this:
Companies make healthful food options more readily available to workers
American smokers are more likely to be men, live in the Midwest, have a GED &amp; live in poverty, @CDCgov says
Researchers found a gender gap for straight smokers but not among gay, lesbian and bisexual smokers
The proportion of U.S. adults who smoke cigarettes is at the lowest level in nearly 50 years
Congratulations America! @CDCgov says you're kicking the cigarette habit (but there's still work to do)
Extra pounds translate into higher cancer risk, especially for women and people in wealthy countries
If you don't want to know how many calories are in that fried chicken, you'd better not dine at a chain restaurant
If the world hadn't gotten fatter since 1982, about 118,000 cancers could have been avoided in 2012
Researchers link excess weight to nearly half a million cancers diagnosed in 2012. via @TheLancetOncol
The @USDA recommends 3.75 cups of vegetables in a kid's lunch. Parents packed less than 3% of that, on average
The days of being able to overlook the fact that your fettuccine alfredo has a gazillion calories will soon end
FDA unveils new national calorie-posting rules
Apparently, parents have a lot to learn from school lunch ladies when it comes to packing a nutritious lunch.
Pop quiz: Which lunch is healthier, one made in a school cafeteria or one packed at home? Answer from @JAMAPeds
RT @ReportingHealth: Medical and tech researchers see smartphones as health's next frontier 
The tapeworm Spirometra erinaceieuropaei requires 3 hosts to fully mature. In this case, one was a man's brain
New portrait of binge-drinkers: young, white men with some college education, from a well-off family
RT @LATkarenkaplan: What was on his mind? Turns out, it was a tapeworm. EWWWWW! 
If you down 5 drinks in one sitting, it doesn't mean you're an alcoholic. In fact, you're probably not
Best obstacle at Tough Mudder test run is reaching his inner boy
Gear: Four apps that can keep fitness on track
Try This!: Sit-ups that use momentum and get heart rate racing
Virologists have new theory about how #Ebola destroys the body @PLOSPathogens via @montemorin
Tommy Chong's passion for fitness kept his dancing challenge in step
The @US_FDA OKs powerful new opioid painkiller amid epidemic of addiction &amp; overdoses
The flu vaccine has a 'back-boost' effect that creates antibodies to a lifetime of flu viruses. via @ScienceMagazine
New opioid painkiller is up to 24 times more powerful than a single Vicodin.
Here's how clean hands may be bad for your liver:
Flu shot bonus: It protects against every flu you've ever encountered, scientists report in @ScienceMagazine
RT @LATkarenkaplan: What is THIS? Evidence that your immune system never forgets a flu 
The flu shot does a LOT more than scientists had realized. @ScienceMagazine via @LATkarenkaplan
The @US_FDA has approved Hysingla ER, an opioid pain med that's supposed to be hard to abuse. Story by @lisagirion coming to
Your life's work influences your brain power late in life. The effect is on par with that of smoking
Your intellectually demanding job may be driving you nuts now, but your brain will thank you later
Do blood transfusions from Ebola survivors help patients recover? @gatesfoundation $$ will help find answers
Bankers aren't inherently dishonest, but the banking culture primes them to cheat. @Nature via @LATsciguy
Interest in contralateral preventive mastectomies fuels growth in mastectomies overall, via @JAMASurgery
Does your job require flexibility, focus, problem-solving and working with others? Here's a perk for your brain:
1/3 of breast cancer patients who would do fine with breast-conserving surgery have mastectomies instead. Why?
Couples that share intimate kisses also share the bacteria on their tongues, a new study shows
RT @aminawrite: In a 'shocking' study, scientists find that people will pay to reduce others' pain -- but not their own:
Are humans selfish or selfless? A new study using electric shocks sheds some light on the matter
Another use for Wikipedia: Forecasting the spread of infectious diseases. What does Wiki NOT know?
More evidence for the important link between circadian rhythm and metabolism, via @LATMelissaHealy
Concussion symptoms got better after treatment in an oxygen chamber ... but sham treatment worked just as well
Here's a very clever @PNASNews study, with "shocking" results!
Concussion mystery: “Hyperbaric oxygen treatment does not work, but the ritual of intervention does.” Huh??
Popcorn sales bursting with new organic, gourmet, pre-popped snacks
Tess Masters says to make yours a blended family
Coming to terms with comments on pregnancy weight gain
Food banks ask donors to think healthful before giving
Gym Rat: Daybreaker dance workout gets day off to a rollicking start
Despite early missteps, so far @CDCgov has made good on pledge to stop Ebola in its tracks here
U.S. is Ebola-free for first time since Sept. 5, a milestone that hardly registers with a once-frenzied public
Remember a few weeks ago when everyone was panicking about #Ebola? Where did all that angst go?
States with highest incidence of cervical cancer tend to have lower rate of HPV vaccination, study finds
These findings on cervical cancer should help health officials decide which states need help with HPV vaccination
Thinking about genome analysis? Ready to share the info with life/disability/long-term care insurers?
In states where cervical cancer is common, HPV vaccination usually isn't. via @AACR
Researchers find a troubling link between HPV vaccination RATES in girls and cervical cancer INCIDENCE in women.
Researchers find a troubling link between HPV vaccination RATE in girls and cervical cancer INCIDENCE in women
@skepticpedi @parboora That was unintended, thanks for pointing it
@geekpharm That was unintended! Thank you for pointing that
Researchers find a troubling link between HPV vaccination in girls and cervical cancer in women.
If you have trouble swallowing pills, it's probably because you're doing it wrong. The experts set you straight:
Laundry pod have caused comas, seizures and even death in young children. Thanks @AAPCC for keeping track!
Thousands of children have thrown up, choked or suffered more serious consequences after handling laundry pods
How marijuana can change your brain -- by shrinking it, new study suggests @PNASNews via @LATMelissaHealy
Frequent pot smokers have smaller brains than non-smokers, though the significance of this is hazy
Something new to worry about: Little kids eating laundry detergent pods. They look like candy!
Rx for soaring healthcare costs: Give Americans a sense of "purpose in life." Here's why it may work:
Got a son somewhere between 7 and 22 playing football? Here's one possible way to make him safer: practice smarter.
Got Christensenella minuta? This gut bacterium seems to protect against obesity and keep people lean.
Scientists find a type of gut bacteria that seems to people (and mice) from getting fat.
Colorectal cancers are falling among folks ages 50+. BUT it's growing "exponentially" among younger adults
Having trouble keeping an exercise routine? Ted Vickey has ideas
Four new fitness gear innovations to check out
Thought you could put off that colonoscopy until you turned 50? You might want to think again:
@OxiRate Thank
Scientists create "ghost" in a lab to understand what goes wrong in the brains of people with mental disorders
Lucy Liu embraces elements of meditation, fitness and napping
RT @VermillionLynne: #californiaisback
You're too young for a colonoscopy, so colorectal cancer couldn't explain symptoms, right? Think again.
Do our genes make us fat, or some unfortunate mix of bacteria in our guts? Maybe both, says a study.
Moms are more responsive to baby "talk" from their daughters; dads are more responsive to their sons.
Weight-loss physicians get a first look at a new option for obese patients: a balloon for the stomach.
GMO cancer treatment shrinks tumors in mice and fights off new ones.
Here's what happens when your job gets in the way of your circadian rhythm.
.@La_Health_Dept barred 30 people who recently treated Ebola patients in Africa from @ASTMH mtg in New Orleans
"We have an obligation to provide a lot more than hope." So some #Ebola patients will get dummy pills.
Moms talk to their babies three times more than dads, and babies return the favor. via @LATMelissaHealy
ICYMI: @NIH clinical trial aims to repeat the success of the Mississippi baby who was temporarily "cured" of HIV.
Science reveals: Not all baby talk is created equally. Via @PNASNews
RT @LATkarenkaplan: A little genetic modification makes the body's own T cells much better at fighting cancer. via @LATsciguy
Working odd shifts (incl. afternoons and nights) for 10+ years saps as much mental ability as 6.5 yrs of aging.
A vaccine for hepatitis C passes its first test. via @montemorin
Researchers quantify brain drain tied to working odd hours. 10 yrs of it adds up to 6.5 yrs of cognitive decline.
Massages that adopt the local motion, from Costa Rica to Berkeley
An anti-addiction med that an addict's body can be trained to make continuously. And it's not willpower.
If babies in poor families hear 30 million fewer words by age 3, it's mostly mom's fault (of course)
Try This!: Gentle push-ups for moms-to-be
Nail polish heir Robbie Schaeffer jumps on his passion for bicycling
Gym Rat: Quick, effective workout on Da Vinci BodyBoard at Pilates Studio City
Small steps everyone can take to arrive at greater joy
The loopholes that help bad habits block happiness
RT @usclatpoll: From @latimes: Most voters not worried about Ebola threat in California 
No one measure could help reverse Ebola's course in W. Africa more than burying the dead properly.
RT @aminawrite: A single disgusting image can reveal whether you're liberal or conservative, scientists say: 
RT @skarlamangla: ICYMI: Panic, not Ebola, is the biggest enemy, civic and health leaders say 
Violent genes: new research identifies two. Could screening for them make us safer?
A nutrient from the cocoa bean may turn back the clock on age-related memory loss.
Remember those ads: Milk -- it does a body good? Maybe not, says this study from @BMJ_company
Ekata is a Western-fitness, Eastern-philosophy, no-TV club
Women's sports clothes that address gender-based challenges
Broga Yoga, Detox Retox and more put guys' twists on yoga
Opera singer Eric Jordan sings his way through stroke recovery process
A dietary supplement hailed as a weight-loss miracle proved too good to be true. Whodathunkit?
Green coffee bean "clinical trial" appears to have had some methodological flaws
Where are you reading the new California section? We want to see your pix! 
The @CDCgov says medical waste from #Ebola patients should be incinerated. No can do, say CA &amp; other states.
Medical waste from a single Ebola patient fills 8 55-gallon barrels/day. Where does it go? Hospitals want to know.
Number of the day: 440. That's how many gallons of medical waste a single Ebola patient generates EACH DAY!
Healthful food tips for the grab-and-go lifestyle
Try This!: The 'Baby Salutation' stretch, no child required
Ryan Kwanten on sports: 'You name it, and I'll try to compete'
Clinical trial debunks the conventional wisdom that losing weight quickly is worse than losing it slowly
Whether you lose weight fast or slow, most dieters gain most of their weight back. Study in @TheLancetEndo
Crash diets work just as well as slow-and-steady diets. (But neither works all that well in the long run.)
Data on California Medical patients shows Obamacare is working, @UCLA study finds
'There have been no reports of dogs or cats becoming sick with #Ebola,' @CDCgov says
Though dogs have been infected with the Ebola virus, it doesn't seem to make them sick
Good news, dog &amp; cat owners: There is no evidence your pet will spread Ebola @CDCgov @VetsWSAVA
ICYMI: Researchers make fecal transplants more convenient by putting poop pills on ice
First triathlon goal becomes a reality in Goleta
Sean Hannity proves he's a do-and-diet kind of guy
Running shoes made to fit the shapes of feet
Recovery exercises are also a controlled workout
ICYMI: Falling mortality rates for the U.S.'s top killers mean Americans can expect to live longer than ever
Extremely close-up view of HIV in action reveals a vulnerability in its infamous "spikes." via @montemorin
This mouse study from @UCBerkeley suggests grapefruit may be nature's diabetes drug. via @PLOSONE
Grapefruit juice helped mice avoid gaining weight from fatty foods &amp; helped obese mice slim down a bit.
Scientists use powerful microscopes to observe weaponry of HIV in action. Findings offer hope for HIV vaccine
Mice who drank grapefruit juice gained less weight on high-fat diet than mice who drank sugar water. @PLOSONE
In school success, do home and classroom environment trump heritable traits like intelligence and determination? Not even
Would you want to know if Alzheimer's is in your near future? A new test could help tell.
Which comes first, sexting or sex? New study is first to answer that question with data, via @AmerAcadPeds
Nobel prize honors 3 decades of brain research on how we navigate space, and hints at so many more mysteries.
The @NobelPrize winners' work on the GPS system in the brain helped scientists understand Alzheimer's
Disease detectives on the hunt to confine Ebola virus
Nip the flu bug in the bud by managing stress
A dose of websites for wellness seekers
Jane Fonda sparked NFL Hall of Famer Michael Strahan's life of fitness
Households with kids ate less junk food in 2012 than '07, report says
Yogascape gives a warm glow amid inspiring scenes
RT @LATerynbrown: Breaking: Child treated at Children's Hospital in LA with partial paralysis tests postivie for EV-D68
"There’s a big gap between what we want to do in brain research and the technology to make exploration possible"
FIT = Fitness Improves Thinking. A new study in Pediatrics shows how true that is for kids!
President Obama's @BRAINinitiative announces first $46 mil in research funds. Here's what it'll buy:
Antibiotics may or may not clear up an ear infection, but they'll make some kids more prone to obesity
'Abstinence is 100% effective in preventing pregnancy,' but teens don't always stick with it, @AmerAcadPeds says
OMG, IUDs for teens? YES, pediatricians say.
P.E. isn't a distraction from classroom learning -- it's essential to it. Here's how:
Condoms &amp; withdrawal are teens' favored methods of birth control, but implants &amp; IUDs are better, @AmerAcadPeds says
Has antibiotics use in babies contributed to the obesity epidemic? New research suggests it has.
Treating common early-childhood ailments with antibiotics may be linked to childhood obesity, study finds
The many ways dieters can sabotage their efforts to lose weight
Pancreatic cancer's a sneaky, mean SOB. But scientists at Salk Institute think they can unmask it and make treatment more
Food expert suggests changes to lose weight -- willpower not required
For Chris O'Donnell of 'NCIS: Los Angeles,' yoga aids a battered back
E-bikes are a hit at Interbike show in Vegas
Put a bit more oomph into your push-up
Experiments with exasperated rats give scientists clues about how to focus the human brain:
People who work at least 55 hours per week more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes. Is it quittin time yet?
Over 60 and noticing memory changes? Don't dismiss them.
Too stressed to exercise? Think again. It may be the key to warding off depression. Here's how it works...
Another way the rich are different: Long work weeks don't increase their risk of diabetes, via@TheLancetEndo
Is your job killing you? If you work more than 55 hours/week, it might be adding to your risk of diabetes.
What's in a face? It depends who's looking, scientists warn
Facial evolution was more than a dating game, studies show. Via @LATsciguy
If the rate of premature births in the U.S. were as low as in Sweden, 3,200 fewer babies would die each year
Type 2 diabetes rate is stable overall, but is still on the rise for blacks, Latinos and younger Americans
In 2011, nearly 24,000 American babies died before reaching their first birthday, @CDCgov says
Out of 29 of the world's richest countries, the United States ranks 26th for infant mortality. from @CDCgov
U.S. sees some payoff from getting obesity rates under control. Now rates of type 2 diabetes are flatting out too
Will #Ebola infect &gt;1.4 million people, or be all but over by Jan. 20? Depends on world's response, @CDCgov says
Idea of Ebola virus that never leaves human population "has never previously been contemplated," WHO experts say
70.8% -- The proportion of people with confirmed @Ebola infection who have died in this outbreak. via @NEJM
RT @LATkarenkaplan: #Ebola virus strain in current epidemic is actually no more lethal or virulent than strains in previous outbreaks.
If present trends continue, #Ebola cases could exceed 20,000 by Nov. 2, @WHO experts write in @NEJM
#Ebola here to stay? The @WHO says the virus may now be endemic in humans.
Dry roasting may explain why peanut allergies are more common in Western nations than in East Asia
Raw peanuts provoked much smaller allergic response than nuts roasted at high heat. Blame the Maillard reaction!
Allergic to peanuts? Maybe you're just allergic to the way they're cooked, scientists say
Can you fight pain by looking at a beautiful painting? Yes, according to research that won an @IgNobel Prize
Yoga? Yes! More, please, especially after Bhakti Fest
Coping with anxiety: Newsmen share strategies, including meditation
Duchess Kate's pregnancy puts focus on ills of severe morning sickness
Groov3 is a dance party that doesn't feel like exercise
.@BarackObama declares a war we can all get behind. The enemy: drug-resistant superbugs:
RT @LATerynbrown: Enterovirus D68: in the past, ppl wd say the flu season was early. "But maybe it wasn't the flu. Maybe it was this."
Sad fact: For blacks to be twice as likely to die from gun violence is actually an improvement since the 1990s.
Take this news on artificial sweeteners with a grain of salt, experts warn. Mice are not people.
ICYMI: Here's some not-so-sweet news about the metabolic effects of artificial sweeteners (mainly in mice).
Is a foreign aid worker more deserving of an Ebola vaccine than a nurse who lives in West Africa?
Not having ANY Ebola drugs, vaccines is a problem. Not having ENOUGH of them is a problem too:
Most of the calories that Americans have cut from their diets since 2007 were in the form of junk foods/drinks:
6.4 trillion: The number of calories NOT purchased (or eaten) by Americans since 2007.
101: The number of calories that Americans with kids have cut out of their daily diets since 2007.
Americans aren't getting fatter, but they're still adding inches around the waist
Kidney donors aren't just nicer than the rest of us. They also have bigger brains. @PNASNews
Bigger waistlines mean greater risk of heart disease &amp; diabetes regardless of BMI. So this is a real problem:
Not-so-fun fact: Compared to singletons, twins are 6.4 times more likely to die within 28 days of birth.
Abdominal obesity is a particularly bad form of obesity. In the U.S., it's getting worse. @JAMA_current @CDCgov
Paying now prevents paying later for crime, sex, drug and psychological problems, study suggests
There's obesity &amp; then there's abdominal obesity. One has stabilized; the other is getting worse.
Easy weight-loss advice: Make sure your food is NOT the same color as your plate. If they match, you eat 18% more
Gym bro culture lets young men share the weight of workouts
Doctor's weight-loss order pushed her into the pool; now she's a champ
Burn calories as you work without buying an expensive treadmill desk
Sweaters in the kitchen pantry and food in the bedroom closet? This'll keep you @SlimByDesign, @BrianWansink says
The only food items you should buy in bulk are foods that are good for you. Good advice from @BrianWansink
Clean up to slim down: Women who left cereal box out all day weighed 22 pounds more than neighbors who put it away.
Chew gum when you go to the supermarket. It'll reduce the amount of junk food you buy, @BrianWansink says
How to bulk up like a true gym bro
Las Vegas: Finding the latest in bike equipment at Interbike
Wondering whether that cough could be Enterovirus D68? Here's your expert guide:
Medications to tame anxiety and bring sleep can erode mental function, but may make Alzheimer's more likely
Second time's a charm for Contrave, the newest FDA-approved diet drug.
The @UN needs $600 million to fight #Ebola. The @gatesfoundation puts up 1/12th of that:
Talk about adverse effects! Drugs to treat poss. early symptoms of Alzheimer's may double risk of the disease
Anti-anxiety drugs like Xanax &amp; Valium may double as anti-Alzheimer's drugs (that is, they may INCREASE risk of AD)
Turnout for @CareHarbor signups relatively low; more appointments to be handed out today. Link to #Obamacare?
RT @LANow: Enterovirus D68 no 'cause for concern' in California -- for now, official says: 
Phrase of the Day: "Medically questionable medications." It appears they are rampant in U.S. nursing homes
One way to save big bucks in healthcare: Stop giving useless medications to patients with dementia.
Scientists @ucdavis MIND Institute test a REALLY early intervention for autism
Deep dive on the DNA of Ashkenazi Jews could help scientists understand genetic links to disease in EVERYONE
Los Angeles residential developments are pumping up gym amenities
A spouse with ADHD can put stress on a marriage
Tight muscles? Roll out those kinks and knots
Bill Maher banishes junk food, pumps basketballs and iron
Four pool moves that can be cool summer exercises
Good news, women! Your bra is NOT giving you cancer!
Sincere thanks to researchers @HutchinsonCtr for debunking the myth that bras cause breast cancer! @AACR
Health experts celebrate the fact that obesity rates rose in ONLY six states in 2013.
Congratulations America! You may be turning the corner on obesity. @RWJF_PubHealth @HealthyAmerica1
Melanoma is an occupational health risk for pilots, others who work 40,000 feet above sea level.
When less is more: Mastectomies to treat early-stage breast cancers. via @JAMA_current
Too many breast cancer patients sacrifice too many healthy breasts for too little benefit, via @JAMA_current
Africa needs Ebola drugs NOW. But it'll take 4-6 months to make enough ZMapp to run safety tests in people.
Atkins, Schmatkins. Whatever diet works for you is a diet that works. @JAMA_current via @aminawrite
Insects and algae in makeup? Yes, and many more common ingredients
RT @aminawrite: This little boy was born deaf. Watch him hear disco music for the first time: 
ZMapp goes 18-for-18 in treating monkeys with Ebola. Control group goes 0-for-3. Study in @Nature
Eight commonplace ingredients in makeup that you may not know about
This trial in monkeys is the strongest evidence yet that ZMapp helps Ebola victims, even after they are very sick.
Ordinary makeup ingredients with an element of surprise
Striking the right balance at work
Latest designs in bike world spotlight safer, more comfortable ride
RT @aminawrite: Using blue light, scientists turn bad memories into good ones in mice: 
RT @skgire: For my non-science friends. @latimeshealth does a great job reporting our @sciencemagazine report on #ebola
Program helps rally South L.A. women to health
Many animals that suffer from contagious yawning. Here's what that says about the biological roots of empathy:
RT @aminawrite: E-cigarette use among 6th-to-12th graders tripled between 2011 and 2013 alone, CDC researchers find:
Scientists find another benefit to weight-loss surgery: It seems to make your brain work better.
Could broadening medical marijuana be the answer to the epidemic of deadly opioid ODs? Maybe.
Is medical marijuana a way to prevent fatal overdoses of pain meds? Study in @JAMAInternalMed looks promising
More than three-quarters of overweight kids were judged by their parents to be just fine, study says
Is childhood obesity relative? Study finds it's harder for parents to recognize when their kids need to slim down.
Doctors urge middle &amp; high schools to start later in the morning, for the sake of teen health. Here's why:
Watching the 2022 World Cup in Doha, Qatar, in the summer could be hazardous to your health, study says
Homework for parents as school starts
At SRF World Convocation, meditation and solidarity come into focus
Paramahansa Yogananda's steps on a path to a happy life
How Lou Ferrigno stays Hulk-ripped at 62
Tension Releasing Exercises shake loose 'therapeutic tremors'
Two Liberians who received experimental Ebola drug have shown "marked improvement," WHO says
U.S. teen birth rate hits historic low; @CDCgov researchers credit increased contraception use &amp; abstinence:
Experimental drug for Marburg virus works great in monkey tests and may lead the way to an Ebola drug.
Reason to avoid casual sex? The more sexual partners you've had, the lower your odds of a satisfying marriage.
Marriage advice from research psychologists: Invite lots of people to your wedding. Here's why:
Anti-smoking program from @MassGeneral boosted quitting rate 70%, could cost less than $1,000 per quitter
Hospital counselors used free medication, phone calls to boost smokers' odds of quitting by 70% via @JAMA_current
Missionaries stricken with Ebola virus deserved special treatment and access to experimental drug, expert says
U.S. to accelerate clinical trials for experimental Ebola vaccine 
You can't trust your drug dealer, researcher warns
Emergency physicians are bracing for a rash of overdoses of a new street drug called acetyl fentanyl
"Sentinel chickens" form a simple and efficient front line of defense against West Nile disease
This is pretty cool: Injected bacteria eradicated tumors in pet dogs and shrunk it in a single human, says a new study. Clinical
Health tip: When doing side crunches, remember: Abs should be doing the work, so don't crane your neck 
Injected bacteria eradicated tumors in some dogs and shrank a tumor in a human. Clinical trials are next
FDA is being pressured to define "natural," and the agency has been petitioned to ban its use on food labels
Food buyers lean toward 'natural,' a claim that's hard to define
Choices abound when buying eggs
'Get Up!' or lose hours of your life every day, scientist says
We're all in the clean-plate club, researchers conclude
The death of Robin Williams has focused new attention on Parkinson's disease
Surfer Bethany Hamilton aims to motivate girls with 'Body and Soul'
Side crunches can make love handles vanish, if done properly
Robin Williams had Parkinson's disease, his wife said today. Depression can be a symptom of Parkinson's, experts say
Robin Williams had heart disease and depression. It's no coincidence, and more common than you might guess. Scientists are
A new sleep aid, Belsomra, suppresses the action of the brain's arousal system, a novel approach
Fewer teens, blacks and Latinas are giving birth outside marriage, but more women over 35 are doing so
FDA approves Belsomra, the first in a new class of sleep drugs
Excessive sodium consumption causes some 1.65 million deaths by heart disease and strokes yearly, study says
Manufacturer of experimental Ebola virus drug ZMapp says the supply is "exhausted"
Good news: Regular exercise quickly cuts breast cancer risk. Bad news: Benefit quickly ends when you stop
For women past childbearing age, a modest amount of exercise drives down breast cancer risk
WHO says the use of experimental, nonapproved drugs to fight Ebola is ethical
In the wake of Robin Williams's death, a brief guide to suicide prevention resources
Europe records its first Ebola death
Some people are more vulnerable than others to PTSD. The same is true for rats, researchers say
Tips for keeping medication costs down
RT @AllFoodFacts: The dye that is used in stamping the grade on meat is actually edible. It's the dye from grape
RT @AliceShort3: In case you missed it: No cameras, no mirrors, lots of sweat at Unbreakable Performance Center 
RT @AliceShort3: Cute, isn't he? How is it possible his photo shouldn't be posted in an obstetrician's office? 
Forty years after the end of the Vietnam War, 11% of veterans continue to suffer from PTSD, according to new research
Unbreakable Performance caters to pros, but 'civilians' are welcome
An intense climb at Sirens &amp; Titans in Westwood
For hiking, an easier camera bag, a faster water filter and more
Genomes of some cancer tumors may tell doctors more about how to treat them than where they are in the body
A top federal health official downplays hopes that new drugs to combat the Ebola virus are imminent
A campaign to promote organ donations among Latinos may be paying off, study suggests
Only 1 in 3 long-term cancer survivors who used to smoke has quit. Study in @AACR journal Cancer Epidemiology ...
Smokers, what would make you quit? A cancer diagnosis? Not necessary, new study from @AmericanCancer finds:
FDA uses emergency authority to authorize use of an unapproved Ebola virus test 
Three leading Ebola experts call for releasing experimental drug to Africans
Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to give 2 Americans an experimental #ebola treatment, medical experts say
What's wrong with giving two Americans with #Ebola the untested #ZMapp drug? Plenty, @ArthurCaplan says
Is an experimental Ebola drug helping Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol? There's probably no way to ever know
A lovely solution. 
Accounts of #ebola treatment miracle on @CNN sound doubtful to Dr. Thomas Geisbert @UTMB_Health
Dr. Anthony Fauci @NIAIDNews has some serious doubts about @drsanjaygupta's #ebola reports on @CNN
Lose your neighborhood emergency room and you're more likely to lose your life, at least in California.
Study in @Health_Affairs documents cost (in lives lost) of ER closures in California.
MT @LATerynbrown: Low income diabetic patients more likely to lose a limb than their wealthier peers @UCLAHealth
Experimental serum given to Christian aid workers infected with Ebola was manufactured using plants
Diabetics in poor areas are 10 times more likely to lose a limb than those in rich areas 
Some patients pay with their lives when a hospital emergency room closes in their neighborhood
Summer skin care: Could be the season of the itch
Skin needs moisturizer in the summer too
New gluten-free label rules are a victory for those living with gluten disorders 
RT @lauraelizdavis: Yoga, a full workday AND 10,000 steps -- this is a first for me. #LATfit
If you're a worm, don't date outside your species. Otherwise you'll fall prey to "killer sperm." @PLOSBiology
There IS something more rare than being killed by lightning, @CDCgov says. It's dying in a ___. (click to find out)
Only 5 daily servings of fruits and vegetables are needed to help you live longer. Beyond that, more isn't better
Extremely cold weather kills twice as many Americans as extremely hot weather, @CDCgov data show.
RT @latimes: Walking up several times a night can be as debilitating as getting just four hours of sleep a night, a study finds:
Think 5 minutes of exercise isn't enough to make a difference? Think again:
If you can run for 5 minutes a day, you may add years to your life
Weight-loss research zeroes in on a "stop eating" switch inside the brain
The sanitary benefits of fist-bumping over hand-shaking are well-studied in the medical literature. Who knew?
Warning: Shaking hands with your doctor can be hazardous to your health.
The latest health advice: Do NOT shake hands with your doctor. Try a fist bump or high five instead:
Low blood cell counts in wild monkeys near Fukushima may be a sign that their immune systems are compromised
What do folks in the US, Canada, France, Taiwan and South Korea have in common? They're in the Clean Plate Club.
"Are you gonna eat that?" If you put it on your own plate, chances are overwhelming that the answer is "Yes"
"If you put it on your plate, it’s going into your stomach":
When we serve ourselves food, we eat pretty much everything on our plates, study shows
In America, 76% of overweight kids and 42% of obese kids think their weight is "about right." @CDCgov
"Body size misperception" is rampant among US kids &amp; teens, @CDCgov report says:
Pradaxa can be safer for patients, but telling them how would undermind the marketing pitch. via @BMJ_company
What's jealousy good for? 36 dogs and 2 scientists suggest it helps animals (of all species) survive childhood.
To fight depression, researchers have this advice: Don't gain weight. via @marymacvean
43% of men who served in U.S. military suffered emotional abuse as children, twice the rate of other men
Clinical trial @USC &amp; @ChildrensLA helps 3-year-old hear for the first time. A success years in the making.
As if losing a parent isn't bad enough for a kid, new @PLOSMedicine study says it increases risk of premature death
Keep your skin from sunburn with clothes:
Are you a vegetarian? Climate scientists have a beef with beef:
RT @aminawrite: Auguste was born deaf, but a risky surgery may give this 3-year-old a chance to hear: 
Do better parents make healthier offspring? A study says it's possible
MT @InvisThreat: "Did you happen to see the front page of @latimes?" #WhatTeenFilmmakersHaveBeenSayingAllDay
Good parenting can make low-income kids more resistant to diabetes, heart disease &amp; cancer. via @PNASNews
Anti-vaccination activists target high school film students and their immunization documentary.
RT @LATerynbrown: My latest: Carlsbad student filmmakers find themselves drawn into the vaccine/autism fray @chstv
MT @DebbieGoffa ICYMI: Pioneering AIDS researcher Joep Lange was a star with a passion to help @LATerynbrown @cmaiduc
MT @LATErynbrown Friends recall Joep Lange, who died with other AIDS scientists and advocates on Malaysia Airlines 17
RT @LATerynbrown: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17: A tragic loss for AIDS advocacy, research
After the shock of cancer diagnosis, novelist @SarahAddisonAll found support in social media and writing
WHO can't fully deal with Ebola outbreak that's killed at least 603 people in West Africa, health official warns
Lessons we can learn from horses
Obesity: We're not overeating, we're under-exercising, study suggests
Jewel is grounded in Alaska purity, focused on water purity
Jumping lunges bring a burn when time is tight but your thighs aren't
5 Questions: Learn the fitness and nutrition routines of experts and celebrities
Compared to normal-weight peers, obese women–but not men–appear to have a learning deficit around the issue of food
When states implement anti-smoking policies, guess what goes down? Suicides. (You were thinking "smoking," right?)
Smoking and suicide may be more closely related than previously thought, researchers argue in a new paper
Researchers transform regular heart cells in pigs into pacemaker cells
The nation's fourth leading cause of death is getting a little less common and a bit less deadly
MT @LATerynbrown: L.A. County supervisors vote 4 to 0 to implement Laura's Law for those with serious mental illness
Organic foods are more nutritious, according to a review of 343 studies
MT @LATerynbrown: California officials write Feds, offer plan to reduce Medi-Cal backlog to 350,000 in 6 weeks #ACA
Looks matter -- for pills. Patients on heart meds were more likely to stop taking it if the shape or color changed.
If the size and shape of your prescription medication changes, it might prompt you to stop taking it, study says
Ayurvedic medicine: History, basics, treatments and caveats
Could 'oil pulling' brighten L.A. smiles?
Andy Serkis keeps fit for his shape-shifting roles
Gym Rat: JK Zen Fitness, welcoming and rewarding
New machines aim to be a runner's hurt blocker
How your attitude toward exercise and your food choices are linked
SkinCeuticals' sunscreen is for your eyes only
After going 2 years without treatment, a "functionally cured" girl now has detectable virus in her blood
RT @latimesscience: Bad news for "Mississippi baby" and others with HIV: Girl with "functional cure" now has detectable virus:
Is single motherhood contributing to the U.S. obesity crisis? Women ages 18-39 saw biggest jump obesity:
Shin splints, a nagging injury that doesn't have to sideline exercise
Ways to heal shin splints or avoid getting them in the first place
Americans without land-line phones are more likely to smoke, drink and go without health insurance, CDC says:
Obama said @HealthCareGov would work like @Amazon or @KAYAK. Millennials say it should be more like @TurboTax
We're not over-eating, we're under-exercising, @Stanford researchers say.
Smallpox found in @CDCgov lab, where it was sitting for ~60 years. Luckily it's NOT alive and well.
41% of US homes have only a cell phone; people who live there have more health risks than people with landlines
RT @aminawrite: People -- particularly men -- would rather get zapped with electricity than spend time with their thoughts. Study:
Hookahs may be seen as safer than cigarettes, but they actually deliver more tar, nicotine and carbon monoxide
18%: The proportion of high school seniors who said they've used a hookah in the last 12 months.
Profile of high school hookah users is pretty much the opposite of cigarette smokers, but hookahs are NOT safe:
Shin splints can sideline new, overly enthusiastic #runners. Be careful! From @constancesommer
Pregnant or not, this #exercise feels great.
MT @LATerynbrown: California Medi-Cal backlog falls to 600,000, officials say; that's too many, advocates say
RT @LATerynbrown California still faces challenges completing Medi-Cal enrollments; advocates asking for answers #ACA
DNA sequencing, microbiome research &amp; powerful computers may help medical sleuths solve cold cases:
Stem cell snafu: “It has become increasingly difficult to call the STAP phenomenon even a promising hypothesis”
Cold Case, Medical Edition: @NIH awards $43 mil to solve nagging medical mysteries. via @LATMelissaHealy
People in Tibet can thank the extinct Denisovans for the gene that allows them to thrive at high altitudes.
For the first time in a decade, @CDCgov sees prescription painkiller deaths moving in the right direction, FAST:
Expert panel from @RANDCorporation, @UCLA &amp; @BostonChildrens finds no link between vaccines &amp; autism or leukemia:
Once again, medical experts confirm that the benefits of childhood vaccines far outweigh the risks:
Sun protection is a fashion
Headaches anyone? This won't be news to many of my friends:
A #glutenfree cafe, Kitchen Mouse. @kristinekidd @glutenfreegirl @CeliacAwareness
From drunk-driving accidents to liver disease to breast cancer, excessive drinking causes ~88,000 US deaths/yr.
More bad news for victims of traumatic brain injuries: Large study of veterans links TBI &amp; dementia, Alzheimer's:
New data from @CDCgov reminds us that binge drinking can be hazardous to your health. VERY hazardous:
Were some Neanderthals vegetarians? Unlikely, but new poop analysis suggests it's possible.
New (less graphic) anti-smoking ads highlight health problems that are often overlooked, @DrFriedenCDC says
Reefer madness? DNA study suggests "madness reefer" may be more accurate.
"We now have a better mammogram," says leader of new study in @JAMA_current. via @LATMelissaHealy
Reading to young kids -- including infants -- helps them develop healthy brains, new @AmerAcadPeds policy says.
The @CDCgov's newest anti-smoking ads feature tales of preemie babies, toothless adults #TipsFromFormerSmokers
Parents, are you reading to your kids EVERY DAY? Here's why @AmerAcadPeds says you should:
Be ready to sweat. Seriously sweat:
An untreatable virus is spreading in the Caribbean
About 75 @CDCgov staffers in Atlanta were possibly exposed to anthrax
New study explores how taking a census of the viruses and bacteria in a combat wound could influence treatment
RT @toscareno: Work your way up to doing the perfect lunge with a little "cheat" from me &gt;&gt; 
E-cigarette "juice" now comes in more than 7,700 flavors including graham cracker, absinthe and fruit stripe gum.
Graham cracker, Swedish fish, absinthe: New survey finds 7,700 e-cigarette flavors
In a study of health buzzwords on food labels, 33% of participants chose Spam as more healthful than salmon
Health buzzwords like "whole grain" or "antioxidant" on food labels are misleading consumers, study finds
More young adults report excellent health after the enactment of Obamacare, new study finds
No more drilling cavities? A new dental technique would amp up the tooth's natural healing process
Walk now to walk through arthritis later. ... I'll let you know if it works @sciencejulia
Blast injury is the signature wound of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Does it make a blow to the head worse?
Taking 6,000 steps a day keeps knee arthritis at bay, new study says
One way to get healthier, for believers:
Researchers say delinquency in youth predicts a greater chance of violent death as an adult
RT @DeborahNetburn: "Fit bodies ostensibly signify fitter souls." Read @mmacvean's story on the diet plan at Saddleback Church.
RT @renelynch: .@Tony_Horton, creator of @P90X, explains why he wants you to pump up the happiness 
RT @montemorin: California sees over 800 whooping cough cases in 2 weeks, compared to usual 80 to 100 a month
"Exercise snacking" might help control blood sugar better than more sustained regimens do
Coconut oil has a new image as health, beauty aid
Short, intense workouts lower blood sugar, study says
Tony Horton, creator of P90X, wants to pump up the happiness
Tosca Reno says you can ease into lunges with a little 'cheat'
Celiac Fdn's gluten-free galore expo: Waffles, nutty bars and more - 
Gluten free for dinner -- and fast! from @noellecarter
Take @US_FDA &amp; @EPA's advice and eat more fish, except these: shark, swordfish, king mackerel and tilefish
Want to follow @US_FDA &amp; @EPA's new advice on fish? Try cod, tilapia, salmon, shrimp, pollack and catfish:
For those awesome omega-3s, @US_FDA &amp; @EPA urge women and kids to eat more fish (the kinds low in mercury):
Not-so-fun fact: Money spent caring for Americans with autism each year exceeds interest paid on the national debt.
$1.43 million to $2.44 million: Lifetime cost of caring for a person with autism. @JAMAPeds via @LATkarenkaplan
New Gallup poll examines the link between the economy and workers' mental health.
Nearly 1 in 5 Americans who has been out of work for at least 1 year is clinically depressed.
Scale of medical decisions shifts to offer varied balances of power
When the worst medical advice comes from the patient
For 'Vikings' actress Jessalyn Gilsig, workouts are Job 1 each day
A new breed of bikes built for 'gravel grinders'
Celebrity fitness trainer Bob Harper says the burpee 'does it all'
Flu vaccine seems to have done its job well this past flu season, @CDCgov report shows:
In like a lion, out like a lamb: @CDCgov recaps the 2013-2014 flu season. via @LATkarenkaplan
RT @renelynch: That's #LATFit! MRT @KymberlyFunFit 77% of dog owners would rather exercise with their dog than go to the gym
RT @aminawrite: Learning a second #language — even as an adult — may help keep your #brain sharp in old age: 
@STUNANDO Better to send an email, you can write to me at karen.kaplan@latimes.com. If I'm not the right person, I'll
For African American kids, odds of being abused or neglected are about the same as graduating from college
1 in 8 US kids will become victim of serious abuse/neglect before turning 18. That's more than experts thought.
Do your brain a favor and learn a second language. @aminawrite explains why:
Study documents spike in e-cigarette TV ads seen by teens after Lorillard bought blu eCigs.
64% of cancer survivors alive today have lived at least 5 yrs since their diagnosis. 15% are at least 20 yrs out.
The @AmericanCancer Society forecasts 18.9 million cancer survivors in the US in 2024. You? Someone you know?
Eggs, gluten, coffee, red meat, potatoes: Do they deserve the insults?
Tattoo removal goes high-tech with laser procedures
Shift class brings on the intense fun in North Hollywood
Rich or poor, man or woman, old or young, people everywhere are getting fatter. via @TheLancet
Pop quiz: What is the only country in the world where more than half of all adults are obese? Answer: Tonga.
The @US_FDA hopes stickers will scare teens away from tanning beds. via @DeborahNetburn
2.1 billion: The number of people in the world who are overweight or obese. @TheLancet via @LATkarenkaplan
RT @skarlamangla: Our health reporter @LATerynbrown tells how she learned about colorblindness through her sons
Like diet soda? You'll like the results of this study.
Let thirst be your guide when it comes to hydration, sports drinks
Uncapping a few new ideas for thirst quenchers
Sweat: A cooling system that's an ancient language too
Hugh Jackman talks about how he gets into Wolverine shape
Beach fun gets fitter with new toys and designs
Analysts blame cheap food for #obesity across all groups - challenging conventional wisdom.
E-cigarettes! Antibiotics! Test-tube meat!? Recap the week in @latimeshealth 
Advantame is 20,000X sweeter than sugar. By comparison, aspartame, saccharine &amp; Splenda are 200-700X sweeter.
Is advantame dangerous? "About the only way [it] could harm you is if you were run over by a truck delivering it."
Did you know? High cholesterol is linked with poor egg quality in women and poor sperm quality in men
Study in @JAMA_current slams doctors for giving antibiotics to patients with acute bronchitis.
Study of "real-world" attempts to quit smoking finds e-cigarettes trump nicotine gum/patches &amp; cold turkey:
More reason to watch your cholesterol: It can contribute to infertility, in women as well as men:
Would you eat "cultured meat" (animal muscle grown in a vat out of stem cells)? Could it be worse than spam?
@mrinal7 This would be in addition to regular meat, for when there isn't enough to go
Doctors should NEVER prescribe antibiotics for acute bronchitis, but JAMA study shows it happens 71% of the time:
To produce enough protein for a growing world, experts suggest making "cultured meat" out of stem cells:
Bigger problem than food scarcity is too much food high in fat, sugar &amp; salt, says UN's @DeSchutterUNSR
Married couples have more DNA in common than random pairs of people. @PNAS via @montemorin
This cutie patrols Michigan beaches to protect swimmers from e. coli and nasties: 
Overweight teens more likely to be rejected by thin peers, study says. Not likely news if you battled teen weight.
Art matters to good skin for @DrMurad
Count to 7 on fruit and veg:
Weight bias? Thin teens are 30% more likely to make friends with other thin teens vs peers who are overweight.
Study highlights an unusual cost of teen obesity: Friendship. via @marymacvean
'5 a day' still might not be enough fruit and vegetables, study finds
Unlike first 2 U.S. MERS patients, Illinois man who was infected with MERS had not traveled to the Middle East.
The United States has its first home-grown case of MERS, @CDCgov says:
Workouts without pain: Three trainers who hold back the hurt
'5-a-day' might not be enough to ward off disease, scientists say
Skin-care line founder Dr. Murad finds a new art of beauty
Rotator cuff exercise uses dumbbell
How are you getting in your #LATFit today? @FitChefKaty kicked off day right with this:
One in four California schools doesn't meet requirements for providing free drinking water, study says:
How are you getting in your #LATFit today? Our @lauraelizdavis says it's a 'piece of cake' to get 10,000 steps in
Can anti-depressants fight Alzheimer's disease? Findings from people and mice look promising.
Even when a young football player finishes a season w/o a concussion, smaller blows may still change the brain.
Monkey see, monkey do: The longer a kid sees a parent smoke, the more likely he/she becomes a smoker too.
Vaccine for camels could protect humans from MERS. "It's kind of like rabies," says Trish Perl of @JohnsHopkinsSPH
Increase in concussion awareness is evident in the nation's ERs. Study in @JAMA_current
RT @LATerynbrown: More MERS, from @latimesscience and @latimesnational: 
Advice from @CDCgov about protecting yourself from MERS: Wash your hands with soap &amp; water or use hand sanitizer
For pregnant women, "the message here is not to stop driving. The message is to start driving more carefully."
So much for red wine &amp; dark chocolate as health foods. Consumption of resveratrol in real world doesn't help:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: What makes women super-safe drivers? Motherhood!! Data in @CMAJ_News
Hmmmm, bullying can be GOOD for your health (if you're the bully)?? @DukeU study in @PNASNews suggests so ...
Things pregnant women are scared of: Hot tubs, Rollerblades. Thing they should be MORE scared of: Car crashes.
Like about 20% of those with lab-confirmed cases of MERS, the new patient in Florida was a healthcare worker.
More than 500 people may have come into contact with 2nd U.S. patient confirmed to have MERS, @CDCgov says:
@richmeyer That's #LATFit, too!"-)
Tell us &gt; How are you getting in your #LATFit today? How @senoritavino does it: Morning stroll on Hermosa Beach Pier
As MERS virus reaches U.S., public health system springs into action--story from @tinasusman, @LATErynbrown
Shoulder pain leads to a search for realignment
'Fed Up' documentary lays blame for American obesity on food industry
Kristin Chenoweth learned fitness on the farm
Laughter, the best meditative medicine
TRX exercises have simple premise but offer hard workout
@awells_wellness Thanks for the
Asian American women are the Americans most likely to delay motherhood until after they turn 35, @CDCgov says:
Just in time for Mother's Day, @CDCgov informs us that first-time moms in the U.S. are skewing older:
Frequent fights with your spouse (or kids, or even friends) may increase your risk of death, study finds:
After an injury, pain may save your life. Study in @CurrentBiology discovers why:
Another reason climate change is hazardous to your health: It saps nutrient from foods you eat. via @marymacvean
Why does pain make you grumpy? Scientists @UTMedSchool look to squid for answers.
People w/ mental illnesses were 22% less likely to be convicted of a crime IF they were taking antipsychotic meds.
To prevent violent (and other) crime, it helps for people with mental illness to take their meds. via @TheLancet
Little patient represents big milestone in clinical trial for kids who can't hear, even with cochlear implants:
Iron and zinc deficiency cost humans 63 billion life-years annually. With climate change, it'll get even worse:
A, T, C &amp; G have served live on Earth for billions of years. Now there are 2 more, cooked up in the lab:
RT @renelynch: Are you getting in your #LATFit today? How about a sauna for some much-needed R&amp;R? 
Players who've had concussions may fib about the extent of their injuries, "but you can't trick a scanner."
Girls recover from concussions about twice as fast as boys, according to study in @radiology_rsna
The more you pay for a meal, the less likely you are to feel that you have overeaten, @Cornell study finds:
Here's an easy way for chefs to make their food taste better: Charge more. Study by @CUFood_BrandLab
If present trends continue, the # of days with unhealthy air will jump by 70% by mid-century, scientists warn:
These stunts look like something from a "Jackass" movie, but it helped these volunteers withstand infection:
Like our coverage of health &amp; medicine? Our new website makes it even better: 
14.7: The # of abortions per 1,000 U.S. teens. That's a 66% drop since 1988, when it was 43.5, @Guttmacher says:
U.S. teen pregnancy rate is falling, @Guttmacher Institute says. So are teen births and abortions:
How are you getting in your #LATFit today? @nomnerd suggests a deliciously simple salad 
RT @HabitFitnessLA: #TaiChi helps anxiety heart disease &amp; much more. Study w/a master 2morrow! @jessetaichi 
RT @mmacvean: I didn't see all the #glutenfree fruits and veggies at #gffaf gluten free expo. Why just packaged
RT @mmacvean: One more #glutenfree cookie @gffaf gluten free expo: @rudisglutenfree. Cherry almond bar.
RT @mmacvean: These are from Jaime Schwartz's @StarryLaneBaker in Santee. #glutenfree and w/o soy egg dairy nuts. 2 years of effort
RT @mmacvean: Cookies galore at #glutenfree expo #gffaf. These are @ginnybakes
RT @mmacvean: So many #glutenfree snacks at gffaf gluten free expo. But lecturers say be careful about too much processed food.
RT @mmacvean: Wow. #glutenfree night July 9 #petcopark @Padres vs @Mets. Also
RT @mmacvean: New burgers made with nuts, sunflower seeds. #nutburgers From Carla Lee Johnston. Newport Beach. @gffaf expo.
RT @mmacvean: Chips w/ ground corn, lime, salt. #glutenfree and delicious. @CaboChips Tasted at gffaf gluten free expo.
RT @mmacvean: Tried this #glutenfree mung bean pasta from @ExploreAsian foods. Yum. @gffaf Food expo
RT @mmacvean: Ask @KristineKidd how to use corn tortillas if you are #glutenfree. Or polenta pizza. At #GFFAF in San Diego.
New to #glutenfree? Our @mmacvean will be at the Gluten Free Food Allergy Fest in San Diego today, bringing you the latest.
Antibiotics are in danger of becoming obsolete, @WHO warns:
RT @aminawrite: First U.S. #MERS case was a matter of time, CDC official says:
CDC confirms the first U.S. case of MERS:
MT @chadterhune: CA's Medicaid backlog hits 900K amid computer problems, reports @LATerynbrown 
How to get in your #LATFit and fight the #drought: Plant a cactus garden: 
Find your Zen with America's Funniest Home Videos. Humor propels the brain to a mock-meditative state:
895,000 Americans die each year due to 5 leading causes of death. MANY don't have to, @CDCgov says:
If meditation is too much work, try laughter. No joke!
Randy Mills got stem cell drug commercialized at Osiris; looking to do more of same as new head of CIRM.
Take up the Tango! It's a great way to get in your #LATFit: 
Researchers @PittTweet find unexpected tool to help severely injured patients grow new muscle: pig bladders.
When more ISN'T better: Prescribing antidepressants to kids and young adults. @JAMAInternalMed via @LATMelissaHealy
Workouts don't always have to be sweaty. A meditation class is a great way to get in your #LATFit for the day:
"Stick to stick, [e-cigarettes] are almost certainly less toxic than cigarettes." But still dangerous. Here's why:
What does @DrFriedenCDC have against e-cigarettes? Plenty:
What do men need more than testosterone supplements? Better research on "low T," docs write in @TheLancetEndo
Is "low T" a true medical ailment or simply a marketing gimmick? @TheLancetEndo
Wanna work your tris? Try this #LATFit-approved move by @LaceyStoneFit: 
This study casts serious doubt on the idea that shaming overweight people encourages them to slim down.
A self-fulfilling prophesy? Tell a 10-year-old girl she's fat, and she's more likely to be obese 9 years later.
The @US_FDA reminds doctors, dentists, pharmacists and patients to avoid high doses of acetaminophen.
Even @UCLA doctor/researcher admits he loosened up his diet after he saw how much statins lowered his cholesterol.
Statins work so well, they seem to have given people with high cholesterol a false sense of dietary security:
Scientists use cloning to make patient-specific stem cells for woman with type 1 diabetes. @montemorin @NatureNews
Here's another reason to get up out of your chair and stretch your legs: It promotes creativity. Really.
How are you getting in your #LATFit today? (We are taking a power walk to and from -- ha! --
Fitness celebrity @ToscaReno lost nearly 80 lbs. -- and kept it off -- by taking small simple steps: 
In a creative slump? Take a walk: 
Brilliant! @MyLastBite got her #LATFit in by #CatchingFire: 
RT @renelynch: Here's @TrainerKim knocking out reps at her gorgeous new boutique fitness studio @BionicBodyHB for an #LATFit story!
From e-cigarettes to vaccines to marijuana, here's our recap of the week in health: 
Boxers? Basketball or hockey players? Which athletes are the fittest ? 
Harvard researchers add to pile of evidence that coffee should be considered a health food. via @DeborahNetburn
Americans, have you missed the 507,300 diphtheria deaths that DIDN'T happen since 1994, thanks to vaccines?
Routine childhood vaccines given over 20 years prevent 731,700 early deaths, save $1.7 trillion, @CDCgov says
1st @Fitbit, then @Nike: Wearable tech devices hit another bump in the road: 
RT @kyoshino: Might be the next big thing in tech, but did Nike Fuelband, Fitbit et al outpace demand, rush products?
Who is most sleep-deprived in America? Black teenage boys. @AmerAcadPeds
Two injectable drugs seem like promising ways to PREVENT migraines. Story by @marymacvean
Cardiologists warn of a drug can cause heart attacks, stroke and arrhythmia: MARIJUANA (medical or otherwise).
Things @US_FDA will NOT do about e-ecigarettes: ban kid-friendly flavorings (like chocolate) or restrict TV ads:
The @US_FDA says it will regulate e-cigarettes, starting with ban on sales to minors &amp; health warnings.
This new @US_FDA warning on corticosteroid injections for back pain show dangers of using drugs off-label.
The @US_FDA warns that corticosteriod injections to treat back pain can have serious side effects, like death.
More progress with gene therapy. This time, it's used to make cochlear implants work better in deaf guinea pigs.
69% support for contraception coverage in Obamacare sounds high, but dental care, colonoscopies were more popular.
Men, take note: Pretty much any type of pain is a turn-off to females (mice). What helped? Not Viagra, but Lyrica.
69% of Americans support "controversial" Obamacare rule requiring health providers to cover birth control:
Pain isn't just painful, it kills libido in females. Shockingly, it has no such effect on males.
Study in @JAMAInternalMed aims to quantify the anxiety felt by women after a false-positive mammogram:
Nike lays off FuelBand team, exits wearable device market, report says: 
From the Dept. of Unintended Consequences: When chocolate milk is removed from schools, more white milk is wasted.
When it comes to the long-term consequences of bullying, depression &amp; anxiety are just the tip of the iceberg.
@HYHUTriangle Thank
Therapeutic cloning was going to be the "next big thing" in regenerative medicine. But times have changed.
Negative effects of bullying don't end in childhood. Not by a long shot.
When "free" actually means "really expensive": When describing prescription drug samples, @Stanford study says.
Think those free drug samples you get from your doctor are saving you money? Think again, @JAMADerm study says
PROGRESS: 13 of 41 vegetative patients had signs of consciousness in PET scans. 1 yr later, 9 of 13 had improved.
Another risk of obesity: Rise in BMI before or in early pregnancy is REALLY bad news for baby. @JAMA_current
California is first U.S. state to set drinking water standards for chromium 6, carcinogen of "Erin Brockovich" fame
Nanny state win: England's efforts to wean public off salt helped cut heart attacks &amp; strokes by 40%. @BMJ_company
Word of the Day: HANGER -- The act of lashing out aggressively (e.g. at a spouse) due to hunger.
Are you mad at your spouse, or are you just hungry? Study examines role of glucose in happy marriages.
What is math good for? How about helping you overcome your jetlag as quickly as possible. Meet Entrain:
H5N1 bird flu is deadly, though luckily not very contagious. But that could change with just 5 DNA mutations.
What do stroke, diabetes, Parkinson's &amp; liver cancer have in common? All are less likely when u drink coffee.
You knew it had to be true ... coffee IS a health food. Latest research suggests it reduces risk of liver cancer.
Procrastination is the flip side of acting impulsively, a study of twins suggests. Here's why:
This ancient shrimp-like animal has the oldest circulatory system known to science. @NatureComms via @aminawrite
Glucosamine may not do much for joints, but could it extend your life? New research in @NatureComms says it might.
RT @DrFriedenCDC: .@latimeshealth Teen pregnancy prevention must focus on evidence-based approaches to delay sexual activity &amp; use of
The good news: 90% of teen girls get sex education. The bad news: 83% get it AFTER they've started having sex.
In these paralyzed patients, electrodes stand in for the brain and send signals to the legs to get them to move.
Does laziness make people fat? New research from @UCLA suggests it's the other way around. via @DeborahNetburn
Poverty is hazardous to a child's health, even at the cellular level. @LATMelissaHealy explains.
$12,900: Medical costs over a lifetime for those who become obese as adults.
$19,000: The lifetime medical cost of childhood obesity, per child. @AmerAcadPeds via @marymacvean
RT @PMoneyLA: Computer glitches hamper healthcare delivery to California's poor. 
'How Gregorian chants helped me find my running rhythm' 
From oxytocin to oxycontin, check out our recap of the week's news: 
To fight flab, it helps to wake up early and get outside. @PLOSONE study links morning light and low BMI.
"Most women diagnosed with breast cancer will be cured regardless of whether the cancer was found by a mammogram."
Mammograms save lives, but they're not all they're cracked up to be, doctors write in @JAMA_current
If you've been eating 5 servings of fruits &amp; vegetables/day (and even if you haven't), it's time to up your game.
New nutrition advice: Eat "5-a-day" of fruits and vegetables. THEN eat 2 more servings of veggies. via @marymacvean
MT @saveantibiotics: @UCLAHealth hospitals to serve meat raised w/o antibiotics in fight against superbugs
Three years of data back up initial results showing that surgery trumps meds for controlling type 2 diabetes.
Smoke-free laws --&gt; fewer kids admitted to the hospital for asthma &amp; other ailments. via @TheLancet
Are humans wired to lie? In some situations, the answer seems to be yes, thanks to the "love hormone."
Are anti-smoking laws worth it? YES, especially for kids, @TheLancet study says. via @marymacvean
Ready for a serious #workout? Try these suggestions from Roy Wallack:
Do you get #migraines? I do, and learned a lot from Lily Dayton @Latimeshealth
MT @LATerynbrown: Obamacare signups end, but many (incl undoc) still lack coverage. LA County to ponder problem.
MT @LATerynbrown: Obamacare stories today: 
Air squats are tops for working our your bottom, says @MyTrainerBob 
Review the week in health/medicine/science with the @latimeshealth newsletter 
Keep in mind: @CDCgov estimates are not based on actual examinations of kids. Nice reminder from @AlanZarembo
Forget 1 in 88. @CDCgov now estimates 1 in 68 US kids has an autism spectrum disorder (as of 2010)
Study of brain tissue with missing layers adds to evidence that autism begins in the womb. @NEJM
Women have greater exposure to air pollution, but more men die from it b/c they have worse health to start with.
One in 8 deaths in 2012 was due in part to exposure to air pollution, @WHO says. That's about 7 million deaths.
If you need a valium before a minor medical procedure, you might consider video glasses instead. via @DeborahNetburn
How good is properdin? 90% of mice who got it weren't sickened by meningococcus; 100% of untreated mice died.
What will keep us healthy after antibiotics lose their punch? Here's a contender: Properdin.
New guidelines for neurologists treating patients with MS endorse medical marijuana -- in pill form. @AANPublic
Survey by @UCSF researchers finds no link between e-cigarette use &amp; odds of quitting regular cigarettes.
Stress as birth control? New research nails down link between stress and trouble getting pregnant.
Engineers @MIT turn the tables on e. coli and put the bacteria to work building tiny machines for people.
The shopping workout! MRT @Hiking + shopping = #LATfit
Life with #breastcancer, from @nbcparenthood. Not easy.
Ray Romano on @nbcparenthood, from writer's perspective:
Jason Katims from @nbcparenthood talks about #Asperger's character:
From @nbcparenthood, how Jason Katims keeps it real on the show:
What makes dark chocolate so healthy? Chemists say they've solved the bittersweet mystery @montemorin
American moms still have a lot to learn about how to avoid childhood obesity. @AmerAcadPeds via @LATMelissaHealy
Fried food is bad for everyone, but depending on your genes, it can be even worse. @BMJ_company via @LATMelissaHealy
Confection conundrum solved! Chemists study poop and figure out exactly why dark chocolate is good for us.
It's blood test week! The latest: One that might diagnose a concussion. @JAMANeuro via @LATMelissaHealy
Want to get caught up on your health/medicine news? Check out our newsletter: 
Pilot study fails to support the trendy idea that raw milk fights lactose intolerance. via @marymacvean
People with activated IRX3 gene more likely to be obese, have diabetes. Someday a drug might be able to turn it off.
2 alleged drunk driving deaths at #SXSW14 are small part of annual alcohol toll. U.S. total is 88,000 deaths/yr
Move over FTO. Scientists now say they've found the REAL "fat gene" and it's IRX3. @NatureNews via @LATMelissaHealy
Flu researchers @UCSanDiego played key mentoring role for @Intel science fair winner Eric Chen.
Can @Facebook be used to create an "epidemic of wellbeing"? @James_H_Fowler thinks so. Here's why:
Does Facebook control your mood? Researchers study social network's emotional "spillover" @montemorin
Why not fight flu by blocking an enzyme the virus needs to spread? 17-year-old's idea wins @Intel science fair.
Gulf War illness is so complicated, @theIOM had to give it two definitions. @AlanZarembo explains why:
Obesity is a risk factor for breast, colon, pancreatic and esophageal cancers. Now ovarian cancer joins the list.
Charges of plagiarism, duplicate photos and fuzzy lab technique prompt call to withdraw studies on STAP stem cells.
Obesity is responsible for more than 1,000 cases of ovarian cancer each year. Research is from @AICRtweets.
Got migraines? @US_FDA approves first medical device designed to make them end sooner. via @montemorin
Among kids who were bullied, victims of cyberbullies were most likely to contemplate suicide. @JAMAPeds.
Blood test to predict Alzheimer's disease could be on the market in 2 years. @NatureMedicine via @LATMelissaHealy
Bullies ARE dangerous: @JamaPeds study shows significant increase in suicidal thoughts, attempts among victims.
MT @LATErynbrown Hepatitis C patients excited about new drugs, but steep price tags may impact access. @chadterhune
Parents absorbed by their smart phones react harshly to kids who are vying for attention. via @AmerAcadPeds
Think that one-hour change is nothing? Think again. #daylightsavings can cost you.
Hey L.A. Marathoners, don't forget to change the clocks! 
Do you get our weekly Health &amp; Science e-newsletter? Preview it here: 
Girls who play with Doctor Barbie, Astronaut Barbie, etc. come to see their career choices as limited, study shows.
Sugar lovers. The 'right' amt is not very much. Thanks @LATkarenkaplan and @worldhealthorga.
Baby born with HIV started treatment 4 hrs after birth and cleared the virus in 6 days She may be cured.
Mrs. Potato Head makes little girls believe they can do anything boys can do. Fascinating @oregonstateuniv study.
One cup of apple juice or one Yoplait yogurt takes up total daily allotment of sugar, per new @WHO guidelines.
The @WHO says we should limit sugar intake to 5% of daily calories. That's only 6 teaspoons/day, folks!
Study in @NEJM shows clear benefit of surgery for prostate cancer; 44% reduced risk of death vs. watchful waiting.
Study of CA casinos links the income they provide with reduced rates of childhood obesity among Native Am kids.
Timothy Leary would have been proud: Small clinical study verifies that LSD works as an anti-anxiety medication.
Casinos are good for losing more than just cash, @JAMA_current study shows. via @montemorin
New study identifies promising drug for fighting the anxiety that accompanies a serious illnesses: LSD.
Doctors, led by @ACOGnews and @AAPnews, advise against home births. But @CDCgov data show they're on the rise.
Between the ages of 50 and 65, a diet with &gt;20% of calories from protein is as bad for your health as smoking.
Home births are on the rise in the U.S., and 89% of the growth comes from white mothers. via @LATkarenkaplan
The fewer food crops humans eat, the more vulnerable we become to obesity, heart disease &amp; diabetes, study says.
More Americans with chronic hepatitis C are dying of the disease, @CDCgov says in @AnnalsofIM report.
Global warming may revive all kinds of viruses we thought were dead. Turns out this giant virus was merely dormant.
Humans eat more calories, protein and fat now than 50 years ago, but we eat fewer types of crops, @UNFAO data show.
Report from @CDCgov says prevalence of chronic hepatitis C is falling, but the reason is more deaths. @AnnalsofIM
DNA screening tests like these are changing prenatal care. Study in @NEJM validates their use in low-risk moms.
This test doesn't prevent concussions, but it seems to do a great job of diagnosing them on the field of play.
Scientists show how math can help health officials stay ahead of the seasonal flu. @NatureNews via @LATsciguy
A sign of progress? ADHD diagnosis rates are about the same in black kids and white kids.
The more emphasis schools put on test scores, the more students are diagnosed with ADHD. @LATMelissaHealy explains.
Obesity in America is holding steady among adults, but efforts to slim down our kids seem to be working!
Meet the actors who help medical students hone their bedside manner. Great read by @LATerynbrown
Blood pressure too high? Consider going vegetarian. Study by @PCRM in @JAMAInternalMed
USPSTF, part of @HHSGov, finalizes its advice against taking vitamins to prevent cancer, heart disease.
Evidence is mounting that acetaminophen, active ingredient in Tylenol, may influence brain development in utero.
Taking acetaminophen, active ingredient in Tylenol, while pregnant may boost ADHD risk in children. via @JAMAPeds
MT @LATErynbrown Meet the actors who play patients, drawing med students into caregiver roles @LATColumnOne
RT @LATErynbrown ICYMI: Health authorities in CA investigating sporadic, polio-like illnesses in children
When @torreyla + @kwalamandel get in their #surfing #LATFit, they manage to reserve the beach all for themselves
Hold your horses! There's a fitness tracker for Fido &gt; 
“We’ve engineered physical activity out of our daily lives," Edward Archer tells @LATsciguy. @UABnews.
Alaskans have the best emotional health in the U.S. and North Dakotans have best physical health, @galluppoll says.
North Dakota: The paragon of well-being in America! @DeborahNetburn explains:
What do people do all day? For many, the answer is: Almost nothing.
Do you have a Fitbit Force? Force recalled after complaints about irritations, burns &gt;
RT @LANow: Amid Calif.'s record-setting flu season, a new threat: potentially deadly measles 
An #LATFit nominee for #BWOPE (Best Workout Partner Ever!) &gt; @montano_mariee + her trail running buddy:
How did I miss this &gt; RT @bennyjohnson: Calvin Coolidge, exercising like a gentleman 
Who says a desk lunch needs to be boring? Not @MyLastBite &gt; Her #LATFit #HappyDeskLunch:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: This year's flu is hitting 18-to-64-yr-olds particularly hard, @CDCgov says. It's not too late to get a flu shot.
Do you work out? So do scientists. They've made muscle fibers from fishing line that are 100X stronger than yours.
It's not too late to get your flu shot -- and if you're between the ages of 18 and 64 you really should.
ICYMI MT @LATerynbrown @chadterhune L.A. County to docs: Report measles immediately amid rise in cases
RT @hiltzikm: The anti-vaccination movement brings measles home to California--your state could be next:
Who does a better job sitting still in an MRI scanner, humans or these guys? 
Sedentary behavior leads to disability in the 60+ crowd, study finds. @marymacvean suggests stand-up bingo.
Cancer screening expert tells radiologists to stop acting like politicians and start acting like scientists.
Thanks, @Noellecarter for these #glutenfree ideas;
Stop with the instant messages and emails! Get up! Study says so:
Have you suspected that stress makes your headaches worse? (Especially migraines?) New study says you were right:
About 70% of breast cancer tumors are fueled by estrogen. New test suggests Paxil prompts body to make more of it.
New test from @CityofHope suggests Paxil (treatment for depression and hot flashes) may promote breast cancer.
#LATFit done and DONE! RT @brigettebrugada Boom! #LATFit #hiking (@ Runyon Canyon Park - @runyoncanyon_la)
Another reason to appreciate wine: Grape vines have rendered harmless a bacterium that used to give people zits!
It's like crash-test dummies, but with football helmets instead of cars. This research could reduce concussion risk.
Do stress hormones drive volatility in financial markets? The effects of cortisol on traders 
@FDALawyers You'd have to ask the folks at @KinseyInstitute
Do Americans have more sex on #ValentinesDay than on other days of the year? You can help researchers find out.
RT @ronlin: Flu deaths in California reach 243; 
Birds do it. Bees do it. Sharks, spiders and pintail ducks have some unusual ways of doing it too. #ValentinesDay
Magnesium sulfate is a bust in @UCLAHealth stroke trial, but stroke victims in LA County win anyway.
Clinical trial did not bear out an experimental stroke treatment, but it did improve stroke care for SoCal patients.
Study of oil spill effects on tuna includes a heart warning for humans, says Barbara Block @StanfordWoodsIE
Computer problems are delaying nursing licenses in Calif. Will grads be able to start new jobs? Via @LATerynbrown
New Neurology study confirms that moms pass on #Alzheimers risk more than dads. @GreenJournal via @LATMelissaHealy
If you have 2 parents with Alzheimer's, your brain probably has signs of the disease even if you have 0 symptoms.
Study of breast cancer patients w BRCA1/2 mutations indirectly confirms Angelina Jolie's double-mastectomy decision.
“Creating a contest with somebody’s life is kind of like the Hunger Games.” @RenfrewCenter expert on @biggestlosernbc
New research in @BMJ_company helps some women with breast cancer make difficult decision about mastectomy:
@ihatescrunchies
The generosity of kidney donors comes at a price. @LATMelissaHealy explains why:
From #sochi, not too long ago, people handed cigarettes out on the street. Thanks @betswrites.
"There's growing realization that all is not well with mammography." H. Gilbert Welch on latest @BMJ_company study.
530 years after his death, King Richard III donates his DNA to science.
Why don't mammograms seem to prevent breast cancer deaths? Because breast cancer treatment has improved so much.
Mammograms find more breast cancers but don't necessarily prevent deaths, new @BMJ_company study finds. via
Of 5 bills that would make it harder to skip vaccinations, 3 passed. Of 31 that would make it easier, 0 passed.
If you think YOUR life is stressful, be glad you're not a teenager! @DeborahNetburn on @APA survey.
Is your kid caffeinated today? There's a 73% chance that the answer is yes, according to data from @CDCgov
The good news: Fewer kids drinking soda. The bad news: More kids drinking coffee. via @DeborahNetburn
RT @LATsciguy: The real affluenza: 
Study highlights a downside of economic development: More preventable chronic diseases.
Scientists create old-school method for "printing" living cells, based on 1,800-yr-old tech from China.
Trivia from new sex study: At midlife, white women are 3x more likely to be sexually active than non-white women.
Are you ready for the newest #superfruits? Valerie Nelson checked them out.
Warning: TVs, cars &amp; computers may be hazardous to your health. Esp if you live in the developing world. @CMAJ_News
Sex is not something that women outgrow, at least through middle age, new research shows.
What if a drug to prevent autism spectrum disorders were already out there? Researchers say this might be the case:
TRIVIA "Quebec beer-drinkers' cardiomyopathy" is a real ailment; u get it by putting cobalt in beer to improve foam.
TV's Dr. House helps real-life docs diagnose their patient with cobalt poisoning. @TheLancet via @LATkarenkaplan
Can you blame birth order for your extra pounds? Small @SciReports study suggests you can. via @LATkarenkaplan
You take for granted that you can feel the difference between a baseball &amp; an orange. Now an amputee can too.
Vitamin C looks promising as a cancer treatment, but who'll pay to get it to patients? @montemorin explains dilemma:
China has detected a brand-new type of bird flu -- H10N8. So far they've found it in two people; one died. @TheLancet
Scientists find a way to improve your hearing. Unfortunately, it requires that you go blind. via
Can pumping 2,000 oranges-worth of Vitamin C into a patient's bloodstream help fight cancer? @montemorin
Makes you wonder about turning our health into a game show?
RT @LATkarenkaplan: "Who you gonna believe: me, or your lyin’ eyes?" Scientists now say Richard Pryor was onto something. via @LATsciguy
Researchers @uofcincy have advice for @NFL: To reduce concussions, stop playing at sea level. via @AlanZarembo
“Put simply, the sale of tobacco products is inconsistent with our purpose.” -- @CVS_Extra CEO Larry Merlo
RT @montemorin: Wake up and smell the microbes! Beijing air found to contain over 1,300 species 
Will San Fran become the first US city to pass a soda tax? 2-cents-per-oz tax headed to Nov. ballot. via @leeromney
From the Don't-Try-This-At-Home files: Dissolving part of the brain improved learning (in gerbils).
If lung cancer and emphysema won't scare you away from smoking, what about wrinkles? @US_FDA will give it a try.
When logic fails: New supermarket in low-income neighborhood didn't prompt residents to eat better or lose weight.
There are 1,315 kinds of bacteria, viruses &amp; fungi in Beijing smog. But they're harmless. The smog itself is deadly.
Added sugars are killing Americans, and not in the ways you might think.
Soda and other sugar-sweetened beverages are #1 source of added sugars in US diet. #2 isn't even close.
Added sugars are killing Americans. @JAMAInternalMed study explains just how much. via @LATkarenkaplan
Very strange but apparently true: Large, long-term study links slow response time with greater risk of early death.
RT @chadterhune: Medicaid expansion seen as relief for some, confusing burden for others via @LATerynbrown 
RT @LATerynbrown: Calif. hikes confirmed #influenza death toll to 147, by @LATimesCityGov
For Russian men, the more vodka you drink, the sooner you'll die, often before age 55. @TheLancet @LATMelissaHealy
Russian proverb: "Vodka is our enemy, so we'll utterly consume it!" And vodka is winning. @TheLancet
A little bit of peanut protein every day helped kids overcome peanut allergies, with few side effects. @TheLancet
12.4% of kindergarteners were obese in new @NEJM study. By 8th grade, it was up to 20.8%.
Testosterone supplements can benefit some parts of the male body, but the heart may not be one of them. via @PLOSONE
Half of children who are obese become overweight during preschool. Disturbing @NEJM study via @mmacvean
Got heart issues? Here's more evidence you should think twice before taking testosterone. via @LATMelissaHealy
Get to know STAP stem cells, which scientists are calling a "game changer" for regenerative medicine.
Is there a link between DDT exposure and Alzheimer's disease? New research says the answer is a definite maybe.
WOW: Suicide attempts among transgender people are nearly 9 times higher than national average. via @LATimesemily
Researchers document the health benefits of #yoga after breast cancer treatment. via @mmacvean
Justinian Plague killed 30 to 50 mil people ~1,500 years ago. Experts say it still teaches us about our risk today.
More than one in four U.S. families suffers financially due to medical bills. Data from @NCHStats @CDCgov
Gluten-free Girl Scout cookie lover? @CeliacAwareness @celiacresearch @carolblymire. Help is on the way.
A child in the U.S. is seriously injured by a firearm at a rate of nearly 1 per hour. via @LATMelissaHealy
What product sends 20 U.S. kids/teens to the hospital every single day? Guns. via @AmerAcadPeds
7,000-year-old DNA offers scientists some surprises about how our immune systems evolved.
Actor @meadd_cameron is a real jock. @bodyforwife talks to her for @latimeshealth.
Today's small step #LATfit: Read cereal box label. 10 grams sugar? More? If so, switch. More ideas:
RT @DavanMaharaj: STANDING ALONE: Morning in Peter's Canyon #lafit
RT @LATerynbrown More flu news @latimes: L.A. hospitals gird for rise in flu cases, via @skarlamangla
Texas judge confirms brain death is death, orders pregnant Marlise Munoz removed from ventilator by 5 pm Monday.
Did you know that cancer originated in dogs, not people?
The world's oldest, most widely disseminated cancer infects only dogs and spreads through sexual contact
Today's small step for health: Add a green or orange vegetable to dinner. Then do it again. 
Is your soda giving you cancer? @US_FDA says it will find out, spurred on by @consumerreports review.
New weight-loss strategy? Long exposure to cold temperatures helped people burn more calories. via @mmacvean
Two more once-promising Alzheimer's drugs fail in late-stage clinical trials. @NEJM via @LATMelissaHealy
BEWARE: Side effects of synthetic marijuana use include altered mental status, irregular heart beat and seizures.
Synthetic marijuana can make you sick for real. Report in @NEJM indicates it's getting more dangerous.
If you think vaccines are dangerous, check out this @CFR_org map to see the REAL dangers of skipping them. @mhilzik
Global trade: US exports manufacturing to China, China exports pollution to the US.
The more you enjoy life, the more enjoyable your life will be. @CMAJ_News has the study to prove it!
Gov't advice on eating fish could cause you to eat too much mercury, too few omega-3s. @ewg via @mmacvean
RT @latimesscience: Impulsive? Impatient? Scientists can see it in your eyes. via @LATMelissaHealy
When a gun joins a household, the risk of being shot and killed rises much more sharply for woman than for men.
Today's small step: Cut sweetener in coffee by 1/4. Once you don't notice anymore, cut 1/4 again. And so on. 
Hve fun! That's an order. It's important.
Take one step: Try exercising first thing in the a.m. You'll feel strong and virtuous all day. 
RT @LATerynbrown: "Finding the gene is only the beginning": how genome testing changed, and didn't change, one teenager's life.
RT @LATerynbrown: Flu deaths still rising in California, officials say, urging people to get immunized. H1N1 the predominant strain.
There are many things scientists want to know about e-cigarettes. But they won't know them for several years.
US @Surgeon_General Boris Lushniak to Hollywood: Get smoking out of movies aimed at kids and teens.
RT @LATkarenkaplan: "Cigarettes are getting more lethal. ... Even though [people] are smoking less, they're dying more." @DrFriedenCDC
Bad news on teen smoking: "Nicotine exposure during adolescence may have lasting adverse consequences for brain."
@SkinnyonLowCal Right, they're probably doing many things
Smoking rates in NYC fell among all groups but white women. The reason? "Sex &amp; the City" @DrFriedenCDC says.
Overweight people who drank diet soda ate 88 more calories/day than those who drank full-calorie soda. MORE
Obese people who drank diet soda ate 194 more calories/day than obese people who drank regular soda. @mmacvean
Counting on diet soda to help you lose weight? Don't forget to watch your other calories too. Seems obvious, but ...
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Practical science! Heavy drinking of vodka, gin, whiskey or scotch degrades memory faster than beer, wine.
WOW: For many kids, fast food is the HEALTHY part of their diet! via @LATMelissaHealy
Prozac has long-lasting effects on the adolescent brain. In mice and rats, it makes for more resilient adults.
What doesn't kill you doesn't necessarily make you stronger. Survivors of TBIs have higher risk of dying young.
California emergency rooms get an F from ER docs. Sadly, the state has plenty of company. via @LATerynbrown
For men, heavy drinking impairs memory. For women, it affects ability to plan, organize and focus.
Some people drink to forget. New research shows it works -- permanently. @LATMelissaHealy on @GreenJournal study.
From the Dept. of Burst Bubbles: There is no "obesity paradox" for people with type 2 diabetes. @HarvardHealth @NEJM
Where you are has a powerful influence on how you think, especially about your fellow citizens. By @LATMelissaHealy
Will kids make you happier? Yes, if you want them. They will also cause anger, worry &amp; stress. via @DeborahNetburn
The @US_FDA takes further action to prevent liver damage from acetaminophen/Tylenol overdoses.
Asian Americans have the lowest BMIs among American adults, new data from @NCHStats shows. @CDCgov
Excellent, insightful take on the @AdamsLisa-@nytkeller dust-up over breast cancer + social media by @cragcrest:
Alex Capron @USCGouldLaw on why McMath &amp; Munoz cases cause so much confusion: "Brains don’t die; people die."
Is a Texas hospital caring for a fetus? Or is it practicing "cruel and obscene mutilation of a deceased body"?
Yoga, weights aren't just good for your body shape. They prevent Type 2 diabetes too! @PLOSMedicine via @marymacvean
Texas hospital keeping Marlise Munoz on machines says it's helping her fetus. This study suggests it won't help much.
RT @Joypress: Unreal: apparently a police car with Mayor Garcetti in it hit a pedestrian outside LA Times office:
A new measure of health disparities in the US, reflected in children's bodies. From @PNASNews
As @LATMelissaHealy says, the rich get thinner and the poor get fatter. via @PNASNews
If you take beta blockers and drink green tea, be careful. via @LATkarenkaplan
Economists discover that @MTV's "16 and Pregnant" is an awesome form of birth control. via @LATimesemily
To enhance your long-term memory, consider a daily double-shot of espresso (or equivalent amount of caffeine)
Experts urge parents to be on the lookout for signs of bullying by their kids' coaches. Here's what to watch for:
RT @aminawrite: To fix the holes in children's hearts, scientists create worm-inspired glue: 
What do pediatricians call a coach who screams at his players &amp; blames them for his outbursts? A bully. @AmerAcadPeds
RT @LATerynbrown: Flu activity now "widespread" in California, increasing in LA County; H1N1 swine flu is a predominant strain
What's missing from the US food supply? 6.4 trillion calories, @RWJF_PubHealth report says. via @mmacvean
Get your Nikes on, and run more. And more: 
As smoking rates decline in US, total number of cigarette smokers worldwide continues to grow @montemorin
Vitamin E won't cure Alzheimer's disease, but it appears to slow progression for those mild to moderate symptoms.
What's more dangerous than texting while driving? Dialing a cell phone. via @NEJM
Marijuana without the high? It could make the drug a more useful medicine. Neurobiologists are on the case.
.@HHSGov wants to make it harder for people with history of mental illness to buy guns. Here's how:
When it comes to treating pain, traditional Chinese medicine has been getting it right for thousands of years.
As if shingles weren't bad enough, it also seems to make heart attacks and strokes more likely. @GreenJournal
Medicaid recipients visit Emergency Room 40% more than other patients, study says
Here's a creature with a healthy addiction to tobacco -- it uses stinky nicotine breath to scare away predators.
Medi-Cal braces for New Year's jolt as Obamacare kicks in, by @LATerynbrown
RT @montemorin: Talk about bedside manner! Doctors urged to spend more time talking about sex with teen patients
A jellyfish gene makes these little piggies glow in the dark. The ultimate goal: to make medicines.
A new reason to watch your levels of good &amp; bad cholesterol: Alzheimer's risk. via @JAMANeuro
It's not just parents who feel squeamish discussing sex with teens. Doctors do too. Interesting study in @JAMAPeds
RT @latimesscience: Happy? Angry? Disgusted? The visceral feelings that go with these emotions are common across cultures. via @PNASNews
Try this if the holidays have you tense.
From the EWWWWW files: Bacteria on cribs and baby toys can linger for months, even after items are cleaned.
1 in 200 U.S. mothers claims to have had a virgin birth. An outbreak of miracles? More likely, poor sex education.
Teens with PTSD after sexual assault benefit from exposure therapy, in which they recount their trauma @JAMA_current
Beatboxing preserves the vocal cords better than singing does. In fact, it may protect them, @LATsciguy reports.
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Did advice to avoid peanuts during pregnancy make peanut allergies MORE common in kids? It certainly didn't help.
Experts do a 180 on the wisdom of eating peanuts/tree nuts during pregnancy. via @marymacvean
A delicious approach to #glutenfree 
Baby cured of HIV, chimps retired from medical research, human embryos cloned and made into stem cells. What a year!
22 veterans commit suicide each day. How many served in Iraq or Afghanistan? About 1.5. @AlanZarembo does the math.
Word of the Day: Pyroptosis -- Greek for "go down in flames," which is one way for cells to self-destruct.
Public health experts wrestle with the pros and cons of e-cigarettes in the @NEJM.
Scientists @GladstoneLabs say they have identified the root cause of AIDS -- and found a drug to stop it.
RT @LATerynbrown: Now on Yelp: handy links to Los Angeles County restaurant health grades! via @LANow
Blood pressure targets in older adults are revised downward by expert panel. via @LATkarenkaplan.
RT @ConanOBrien: Gift cards: the best way to say “Here. You figure it
@HealthNutTips depends on how you define
For vitamins and minerals, doctors say skip the supplements and get them from food.
One-of-a-kind experiment reveals: For a good marriage, it's better to be right than happy. @BMJ_company Xmas issue!
Got any mind-body weight loss tales? Deepak Chopra says a balanced life is key.
Want to drive down health costs? Doctors have an easy solution: Stop buying vitamins. @AnnalsofIM
MT @markzbarabak For all its success in Calif., Obamacare not translating into Spanish @chadterhune + @LATerynbrown
RT @LATerynbrown: @CDCgov working with UC Santa Barbara to assess possible use of unlicensed meningitis vaccine
Word of the Day: Incidentaloma -- unexpected finding on a medical test when doctors are looking for something else.
RT @latimesscience: Looks don't matter? Some researchers beg to differ, and they've got data to prove it.
Why does James Bond drink his martinis shaken, not stirred? An alcohol-induced tremor, perhaps. via @BMJ_latest
Some breast cancer patients don't benefit from surgery or radiation, study says
Pop quiz: Which movies mix sex &amp; violence more, PG-13 or R? Read this for the surprising answer from @APPCPenn:
Must figure out how #LATFit far @MyLastBite has traveled in 2013: 
FDA approves first drug treatment for Peyronie's disease - a severe curvature of the penis @montemorin
@pinsolomons Nah, breathing isn't a risk factor for PREMATURE death; NOT breathing would be risk factor for premature
Researchers @Yale may have a new training tool for helping kids with autism tune into social cues: Oxytocin.
Pop quiz: Who's more likely to lie, steal &amp; be "antisocial," Americans or immigrants? The answer may surprise you:
In 1965, moms of little kids spent 44 hrs/wk doing "activities" &amp; 17 hrs/wk sedentary. By 2010, it was 30 and 23.
"24/7, there's something to see. Make your own bed, I'm watching TV." Poetry by @LATMelissaHealy about moms &amp; obesity
So much for the idea that obesity in and of itself needn't be a risk factor for CVD &amp; premature death.
@JeffaStier It was. Check the 4th graf. It says volunteers' hearts were scanned. Then they had the "energy drink" and were scanned
@JeffaStier Nope, just compared to no energy drink, before-and-after
MRI scans show what energy drinks do to your heart. via @RSNA
A food toxicology journal has retracted a controversial study linking Monsanto GMOs to cancerous tumors
Researchers document another aftershock of the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan: heart attacks.
Your medicine might be the last place you'd expect to find sodium. And yet .....
Some medicines didn't get the "first do no harm" memo. They have lots of sodium, increasing risk of stroke &amp; death.
The stereotype of tired old people is more apt for teenagers, researchers say. via @LATimesemily
Study: The 2009 H1N1 "swine flu" pandemic killed 10 times more people than initially estimated
The 2009 outbreak of H1N1 "swine flu" was 10 times more deadly than official count from the WHO. @PLOSBiology
From the Dept. of Happy Accidental Discoveries: Simple procedure to stop GI tract bleeding leads to weight loss.
Hormone changes from menopause do NOT seem to be the culprit for changes in mood, mental performance as women age.
Interventional radiologists may have discovered a truly MINIMALLY invasive form of bariatric surgery. via @RSNA
Is your husband faithful? If so, thank oxytocin. via @PNASNews
Diabetes drug Avandia used to have 1,000,000+ users. Now it has 3,000. Does FDA's endorsement matter now?
"If you get a normal result on one of these tests, it doesn’t mean your risk is normal." @GeneticCouns on 23andMe:
If you want real information on health risks, @US_FDA advises you NOT to rely on 23andM3's spit test.
Nevermind! @US_FDA says diabetes drug Avandia is safe after all, removes restrictions on its use.
How to sail through the holiday season without gaining weight: 
To turn marijuana into a brain-calming drug for Alzheimer's, researchers suggest taking it with ibuprofen.
Best way to prevent heart attacks and stroke? Keep blood pressure, cholesterol and glucose under control.
Good news! Mercury in fish appears to be falling, @EPA says, and the evidence is in women's blood.
RT @LATerynbrown: Battling high smoking rates in LA's #LGBT community: "Alcohol and tobacco are like peanut butter and jelly" for some.
Coffee RX: Japanese scientists show that a cuppa joe can improve blood flow in small blood vessels.
Shocking fact: 1 in 9 women will experience PTSD. Unfortunately, that'll raise their obesity risk.
People with autism read facial expressions by looking at the mouth, not the eyes. via @LATsciguy
As if PTSD weren't bad enough, researchers nail down unpleasant side effect: It raises a woman's risk of obesity.
Dying neurons release a protein called SNTF. It could become the BFF of concussion-prone athletes. Here's why:
How do you diagnose a concussion? Not very accurately. That could change with new blood test. via @FrontNeurol
@odin5001 Yes, and very
Did you know that boredom can be hazardous to your health? Especially "reactant boredom" and "apathetic boredom."
How war is felt at home: Kids of parents deployed more than once in 10 yrs more likely to contemplate suicide.
"There are statin believers, and when you hear these experts talk, they're talking emotionally, not scientifically."
Confused about the dust-up over the new statin guidelines and risk calculator? @LATMelissaHealy lays it
Here's how the transition to Obamacare looks to a counselor helping people sign up for insurance. It's not pretty.
Cigarette use is down among teens, but @CDCgov report shows worrisome rise in e-cigarettes, cigars, hookahs.
Is weight-loss surgery right for you? And if so, which should you get? This online tool helps you decide:
Want a fun and furry way to get in your #LATFit this weekend? A trip here: 
New research documents long-term benefits of bariatric surgery. via @LATMelissaHealy
RT @LATerynbrown: More Obamacare: in California, reports @chadterhune, the health exchange enrolled 35,364 in October.
RT @LATerynbrown: Obamacare numbers in: nationwide,106,000 have signed up for coverage so far. Via @latimespolitics @noamlevey
Clinical depression may accelerate the aging process, study finds. @montemorin
Want to find out whether you should be taking a statin? Check out this new risk calculator:
Are you taking statins? It not, you maybe soon. New guidelines from @American_Heart &amp; @ACCinTouch expand their use.
Estrogen: It's not just for women! @LATMelissaHealy explains why men need it too.
It's never to early to give your child a head start in life. So pregnant women, start exercising!
Not all vegetable oils are the same. Some may actually increase risk of heart disease. Study in @CMAJ_News
From the Department of Silver Linings: Dad's cocaine use makes it easier for son to resist addiction. @Neurosci2013
Here's a depressing new statistic: "Gun violence per hour." Even worse: It's
ABC News reporter Amy Robach says her on-air mammogram saved her life
Trans fats? DONE. Will the @US_FDA go after sugar and salt next? Some experts think so. via @LATMelissaHealy
One risk of FDA's trans fat ban: "We need to make sure it's not replaced by something else that's not good for us."
Fun fact: For many decades, experts thought trans fats were healthier than the animal fats they mimic.
Why all the fuss about trans fats? This Q&amp;A answers all your questions:
Health care providers applaud FDA move to ban trans fats in processed foods @montemorin
Big surprise in autism study: Babies with ASDs develop like typical peers at birth; new hope for early treatment.
The benefits of being bilingual last a lifetime. New research says it'll stave off dementia for 4.5 years.
Scientists get closer to helping paralyzed people use their arms, with some help from four-armed monkeys.
New hope for early intervention for autism: Researchers track infants' eyes, find signs of disorder in 2-month-olds.
RT @LATkarenkaplan: What was sex like 165 million years ago? Thankfully, paleoentomologists find a fossil that holds the answer.
Cooking with gas? Your meal could come with dangerous levels of nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide and formaldehyde.
One downside of long life expectancy: More people spend more years feeling depressed.
Older men should think twice before taking meds to boost "low T." Study finds link to heart attacks, stroke, death.
The most depressed country in the world is ... Afghanistan. Least depressed: Japan. via @PLOSMedicine
What do apples, green beans and salad have in common? All are now offered with fast-food kids meals. @YaleRuddCenter
Bummer: Depression now the second leading cause of global disability burden
Doctors can encourage parents to vaccinate kids through simple language cues, @UW researcher finds.
Is it possible for kids to get a healthful meal at a fast food joint? Yes, but the odds are against you.
Who is least likely to date outside their own racial group? @PNASNews study uses @OkCupid data to find the answer.
More fallout from obesity crisis: Girls with more body fat reach puberty faster, increasing risk of breast cancer.
What do VT, OR, AK, ME, NH &amp; CA have in common? All earned As for reducing premature births. See who got an F:
RT @DavanMaharaj: Nopales for breakfast: morning hike just got more interesting.
Rather than a push-up, try a push-away -- it targets your abs: 
How does your state rate on @MarchofDimes Premature Birth Report Card? Check here. California gets an "A."
Health experts worry CA parents can avoid vaccinating their kids by claiming "religious exemption" on new form.
Efforts to reduce premature births have helped 176,000 babies and saved $9 billion since 2006, @MarchofDimes says.
The good: U.S. preterm birth rate at 15-yr low. The bad: Still highest among industrialized countries. @MarchofDimes
Decision to skip vaccinations often rooted in misconceptions about safety. @CAPublicHealth aims to fix that.
Prescription drug shortage? @US_FDA has an app for that. via @montemorin
If it's not practical to measure your dog's heart rate, you can get a pretty good idea by the way he wags his tail.
California's @CAPublicHealth makes it a little harder for parents to skip vaccinations for their kids.
You might want to skip the colored contact lenses when you go for your #LATFit #Halloween run: 
Is it helpful to tell parents that their kid's weight is unhealthy, or could it prompt an eating disorder?
No candy for you! This woman will hand out this letter to trick-or-treaters she thinks are "moderately obese."
Neighborhoods that are predominantly black have fewer supermarkets, and it's not just because of income.
Fascinating experiment in @PNASNews may point the way to type 1 diabetes treatment.
What's worse than getting a toothbrush on Halloween? Maybe this letter. via @AmyTheHub
Actor Harry Hamlin says plant-based diet keep him in shape for roles -- and High Sierras backpacking: 
Surprise! Truck drivers have greater risk of aggressive prostate cancer than people who work with pesticides.
Calif Gold Rush added 3 million+ lbs of mercury to the environment. It'll stay in food chain for 10,000 years.
Even perfectly healthy kids are vulnerable to the flu, and it can be deadly. Get vaccinated.
Driving a big rig can be hazardous to your health. Study finds 4x increased risk of aggressive prostate cancer. @AACR
RT @LATerynbrown: "We hope it's the last time they're in this line": waiting for free clinic appts in the age of health reform.
A fun way to get in some exercise &gt; Wattles Garden Park reopens to walkers and hikers: 
Student athletes who get concussions know to sit out of practice. Turns out they should sit out of schoolwork too.
Student-athletes who suffer concussions need a time-out from the classroom too, doctors now say. via @LATMelissaHealy
High school football players: Beware of claims that a particular football helmet reduces your risk of concussion.
It would be nice if a particular football helmet made the game safer for kids. But there isn't. @AmerAcadPeds
YAY! @TheCuisinerd is joining #LATFit: 65 days til 2014 &gt; More than enough time to put a dent in those fitness
"From Fatman to Ironman" &gt; Man loses 135 lbs. in race for his life: 
Using a "kneady ball" can help ease knee pain and stiffness: 
Chris Brown was arrested today and charged with felony assault after an altercation in Washington, D.C.
Congrats to @mmacvean on her #RnRLA half marathon finish! #LATFit
As always, @cdWoolston get to the bottom of the #diet truths, this time about the #alkaline theories:
Scary is good for you on #halloween or anytime.
Researchers gain a new appreciation for why HIV is so hard to beat. @LATsciguy explains. @CellCellPress
Scientists try a new approach -- deep brain stimulation -- to help the paralyzed walk again. And it works (in rats).
RT @latimesscience: What's so special about the grasshopper mouse? It turns painful scorpion venom into anesthesia. Watch this video:
@mdweinberg True enough, but will that logic hold up in court? Stranger things
As if the computer "glitches" weren't bad enough, here's a new legal wrinkle that could derail health care reform.
@ctwalkintubs Thanks for the
Just because you don't live near a wildfire doesn't mean you're immune from the hazards of the smoke.
This mouse has evolved a way to turn scorpion venom into a painkiller. Scientists want to copy that trick.
A few hours of Halloween fun can cause lasting eye injury and serious medical bills. BE CAREFUL with contacts.
Planning to wear decorative contacts this Halloween? Read this warning from @US_FDA and keep your eyes safe:
New findings on DDT's effects on obesity give some scientists second thoughts about using it to fight malaria.
RT @latimesscience: Great-grandchildren of rats injected DDT had high prevalence of obesity. Hopefully people are not like rats!
Great-grandchildren of rats injected DDT had high prevalence of obesity. Hopefully people are not like rats!
Men walk more slowly with a woman IF she's a love interest. It's a way to improve reproductive success, study says.
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Accidental discovery that HIV-infected girl no longer needs meds could spare others “a lifetime of therapy." @NEJM
Another problem with high blood sugar: It's linked with memory problems. Study in Neurology @GreenJournal
Report in @NEJM makes us wonder: How many other patients could stop taking their HIV drugs and remain healthy?
How much more weight do people lose with bariatric surgery vs diet-and-exercise alone? Would you believe 57 pounds?
Get your flu shot, especially if you have heart problems. New research in @JAMA_current shows why.
@bethanyselfshea Some moms do it when they don't have enough breast milk of their own and don't want to use
RT @latimesscience: From Dept. of Unintended Consequences: Cutting fat to fight heart disease led to rise of added sugars, obesity.
GROSS: 75% of breast milk bought on the Web contained bacteria that's dangerous for babies. via @DeborahNetburn
Jerky treats have been linked to more than 3,600 pet illnesses and 580 deaths, the @US_FDA warns.
To fight heart disease, forget the statins and bring back the bacon, a cardiologists argues in @bmj_latest.
@itsmeyer Ha ha ha, yes
Breast milk bought online contained e. coli, salmonella and other ingredients you wouldn't want to give your baby.
Flu shots reduce the risk of heart attacks, stroke, heart failure and cardiovascular death. Did you get yours?
The @US_FDA is looking out for your pets! Tell them if your dog or cat has been sicked by a jerky treat.
The insular world of ocularists: eyemakers craft prosthetics, restore faces...and sometimes battle. @LATerynbrown
@Dr_Rocamboli Yes, that's what Steve Horvath and @UCLA are thinking
@ainavar1
This "milestone advance for bioengineering of human hair" could make today's hair loss treatments obsolete.
Some parts of your body "age" faster than others, which may make them more vulnerable to diseases like cancer.
If you've lost an eye to cancer, in combat or in an accident, these are the folks who will make you a replacement.
Despite plenty of evidence of harm, "spanking is still the typical experience for most kids," @Columbia says.
RT @AHCJ_Pia: How @LATerynbrown turned a medical study into a poignant story abt moms who can’t afford steady supply of diapers
Hey #LATFit nation: @GetHealthQuote asks about your fave healthy food swaps. I say roasted fruit for dessert w dark chocolate drizzle.
RT @latimesscience: Here's scientific proof that the nightly struggle to get your kids to bed on time is worth it, from @AmerAcadPeds
RT @latimesscience: Studying concussions in fruit flies sounds silly, until you consider the "medieval torture" of using mice. @PNASNews
Need help getting your kids to bed on time? @AASMOrg has FREE animal bedtime books online. 
Junior Seau's suicide prompts study of concussions, TBI using flies instead of football players. via @LATsciguy
Fruit flies take one for the (football) team in @UWMadison concussion study. @PNASNews
Even 7-year-olds need regular bedtimes, says study in Pediatrics. @AmerAcadPeds STory by @DeborahNetburn
Resist the urge to blow off your kids' bedtime and let them stay up late, experts say. @DeborahNetburn tells you why.
College guys recognize the dangers of texting while driving -- but only for other people, study finds.
RT @latimesscience: Size matters: Researchers studying Einstein's brain say he had a colossal corpus callosum.
Yet more reason to get serious about treating depression during pregnancy. Benefits can be multigenerational.
Depressed people who are irritable are different from depressed people who are merely sad, @JAMAPsych says.
Two families with high incidence of eating disorders help scientists find genes linked to anorexia, bulimia.
Another thing passed from mother to child: depression. Depressing @JAMAPsych finding via @LATMelissaHealy
The cost of stroke -- as measured by quantity and quality of years lost -- is higher than we thought. #Neurology
RT @LATerynbrown: MERS and the hajj: pilgrims from California leave for Mecca, pack their surgical masks
There are *84 days* left in 2013... What #LATFit goal will you accomplish by then? (Hello, my Size 10
How do doctors prep for surgery on a 25-week-old fetus? With a grape and some jello, @deborahnetburn writes.
Even a 25-week-old fetus can get heart surgery. @deborahnetburn walks you through it.
Scary statistic of the day: 4% of young Americans (ages 14-21) admit attempted rape, 2% admit succeeding.
"All I could say was, 'Oh my God. Oh my God.'" Sincere reactions to winning Nobel Prize in medicine.
Professional athletes might be the last people you'd expect to endorse foods that are bad for you. And yet ...
RT @DavanMaharaj: FLOCKING TOGETHER: Newport Back Bay. #lafit
The @NEJM has a message for doctors: Tell your reps in Congress how you feel about the ACA &amp; help end the shutdown!
If the idea of a fecal transplant grosses you out, one doc has a solution: bacteria from poop in a pill!
How do you feel about using genetic info collected by 23andMe to help parents design babies with certain traits?
Americans love Obamacare, as long as you don't call it by name. LAT's @hiltzikm explains.
C-section isn't always necessary for a safe twin birth. Huge @NEJM study shows planned vaginal birth just as safe.
Exercise is just as good or better than drugs for treating heart disease and stroke. Cheaper too! @bmj_latest
Spend time in the ICU and get a sad parting gift: cognitive problems. It happens to 2/3rds of patients. From @NEJM
Do you live near a busy road, exposed to higher levels of car exhaust? There's a 1-in-5 chance the answer is yes.
Put those ZZZZZs to work! Scientists are trying to manipulate your memories as you sleep, to make them less scary.
RT @LANow: Lots of demand &amp; complications for Obamacare in Calif. Tuesday. Discuss w/ @chadterhune &amp; @LATerynbrown at 9
Amid global war on drugs, prices for heroin, cocaine and marijuana fall. Purity and potency rise
If you want to live for a long time, thank the scientists who study the naked mole rat.
RT @garveylatimes: At County-USC's bustling ER @LATerynbrown talked to patients about hopes for affordable healthcare
RT @LATerynbrown: For @latimes coverage of Obamacare, including reports on the first day of enrollment, check out
As more regular folks learned -- and used -- CPR, survival for cardiac arrest victims improved. In Denmark.
The average entree at a chain restaurant contains 670 calories and 1,500 mg of salt. And that's just the entree!
With age comes wisdom? Guess again. Researchers say decision-making skills decline in later life
Take some centipede venom and call me in the morning: Painkiller of the future may come from an unlikely source.
You wouldn't think cutting up an ovary would help an infertile woman have a baby. But you'd be wrong. @PNASNews
Can't say this enough: Fewer vaccinations = more sick people. Latest proof in Pediatrics. @AmerAcadPeds
The @CDCgov wants YOU to get a flu shot! Now is the time! Which type is best? The one you actually get.
45% of Americans got a flu shot last year -- and that's considered high!
Fascinated and repelled by nose on forehead guy? Here's a little background on the ancient art of rhinoplasty
Research that led to the breast cancer drug Herceptin is favored to win a Nobel Prize.
Someday, the notion of "breast" cancer or "lung" cancer may seem old-fashioned and quaint.
Ladies, if you're eating fish and nuts for the brain benefits (and not because they taste good), you can stop.
Bionic leg can be controlled by thoughts alone, offers major hope to soldiers and others who are missing limbs.
The man with blue skin died this week. He was not in good shape, but the silver in his skin wasn't the problem
Countries should be on the lookout for cases of MERS among pilgrims returning from the hajj this fall, @WHO says.
U.S. Census Bureau updates its world HIV/AIDS database. New info on China, Ghana, Ethiopia, India and Cameroon.
"The hajj poses a particular worry for public health workers" fighting MERS. Experts @WHO met today to discuss.
Just like on TV! @DrFriedenCDC and other Valley fever experts save chocking woman with a pocket knife and pen!
Your heartbeat can help rescuers find you if you're trapped inside a collapsed building, unable to respond.
RT @LATerynbrown: Whoa! Out of CA valley fever mtg: Docs use pocket knife, pen for emergency tracheotomy in restaurant
Napping is a key subject in the preschool curriculum, study finds. It enhances memory.
Marriage is good medicine, for cancer patients. Can they put those benefits in a "pill" for single people?
RT @LATerynbrown: Officials meet to discuss valley fever, a "growing problem" in California. @DrFriedenCDC @NIHDirector @GOPwhip
Bedsharing is associated with longer breastfeeding duration, but concerns about safety remain. @JAMAPeds
Raise your heart rate and burn fat by trying the medicine ball burpee: 
Amazing stat of the day: Caring for people with dementia sucks up 1% of the world's GDP.
RT @LATerynbrown: "If dementia care were a country, it would ...be the world's 18th largest economy." A new report from @alzdisint
@nick_zen Actually, it makes some sense. You'll have to read the story to find out
Workers became happier when employers gave them $ to give to charity. Great human psychology study in @PLOSONE
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Our confusing system of use by/best by/sell by dates prompt Americans to toss tons of perfectly good food.
Two new studies find a strong link between rates of gun ownership and incidence of gun-related deaths.
Hmmmm, maybe it's time for doctors to redefine what they mean when they say a patient is "brain dead."
@brianc999 That's thank
@jamhanse True enough! We still cover those things but have dropped the once-a-week-on-Friday
@lindsayhkahn Awww, we liked it too. From time to time we discuss ways to bring it back. @LATsciguy has a particular interest in
@brianc999 Thank yo! We appreciate
Do you toss food if the date on the package has passed? @NRDC and @Harvard say you're wasting food!
You may dread that colonoscopy, but new research from @NEJM confirms it reduces your risk of cancer.
The structure of your brain may determine whether a one-time injury morphs into chronic pain. This is why.
@jo_best123 One breast had a tumor, the other did not (and thus was considered
Researchers calculate that the Great Recession has prompted at least 5,000 suicides. Report in @bmj_latest
Good news: Breast cancer patients who remove healthy breasts are glad they did it. Bad news: They didn't need to.
RT @LATgreatreads: Group medical appointments boost doctors' efficiency. But there's a benefit for patients too: motivation:
Being adopted can be a risk factor for suicide, @LATimesemily reports. Study from @UMNews.
Teens as role models? They're exercising, eating fruits &amp; vegetables, drinking less soda, watching less TV.
Can you believe 1 in 20 high school seniors said they downed 15 drinks in a row within 2 weeks of being surveyed?
Kids' food allergies are NOT cheap. Report in @JAMAPeds says they cost the U.S. economy $24.8 BILLION a year.
"If we're not careful, we'll be in a post-antibiotic era." In some cases, "we're already there." -- @DrFriedenCDC
RT @latimesscience: The @CDCgov wants YOU to think twice before taking that antibiotic. Here's why:
RT @LATerynbrown: CDC report on antibiotic resistance IDs "urgent" threats, calls for judicious use of antimicrobial drugs.
Taking #LATFit to #Australia: @MyLastBite is unstoppable:
RT @annagorman: Would you be more likely to go to a restaurant if it offered smaller portions and healthier kids' menus?
Why do we dream? 13 people with brain damage help neuroscientists figure out the answer. @LATMelissaHealy reports.
RT @latimesscience: Vaccine coverage rates remain high, but so are cases of measles this year, @CDCgov says.
Kids who learn to talk and read at a young age are more likely to be precocious drinkers too.
Looks like scientists are getting closer to developing an HIV vaccine that works.
What happens when kids don't get vaccinated? They become vulnerable to measles and other diseases, @CDCgov reports.
RT @noellecarter: I walked 4.20 mi with @MapMyWalk. #walk #walking #LATfit
Men who think they have "low T" might actually have a problem with "low E." That's E as in estrogen. @NEJM
If you're going #glutenfree, @mmacvean says these four items are worth your time (and money):
Who says jocks are dumb? Study finds kids who are physically fit do better on memory tests. @PLOSONE
RT @latimesscience: Stem cells made inside living mice were even more embryonic than embryonic stem cells. @NatureNews
Regenerative medicine gets cooler. Scientists make super-flexible stem cells inside living animals. @NatureNews
Never underestimate the power of cash: Extra $$ got docs to pay more attention to their patients' blood pressure.
The @US_FDA urges doctors to think hard before prescribing opioid painkillers to patients.
RT @latimesscience: Bigger testicles + more testosterone = smaller parenting role for fathers, @PNASNews study finds.
11% of hospital patients got care their doctors knew was futile. And it was expensive! Study in @JAMAInternalMed
Eating disorders can be hard to spot in teens who used to be obese, doctors warn in Pediatrics. @AmerAcadPeds
Finally, here's some NON-anecdotal evidence from @TheLancet that e-cigarettes can help you quit smoking.
Do you feel happier these days? Worldwide happiness is up 0.5% over the last 5 years, but down 3% in the U.S.
Stephen Hawking's books usually focus on physics, but his new memoir also delves into his illness. @LATerynbrown
RT @LATgreatreads: Black babies are less likely than white ones to make it to their first birthday. But experts aren't totally sure why:
Our @mmacvean puts #LATFit #10000steps to the test: RT: What 10,000 steps meant to me
How the healthcare law will affect you depends on where you live: 
RT @mmacvean: What 10,000 steps meant to me 
These results suggest that an infusion of bacteria from a lean person could help an obese person slim down.
Amazing @CDCgov statistic: There were 3,952,937 babies born in the US last year. That's only 653 fewer than in 2011.
Videogame created @UCSF teachers senior citizens to multitask as well as folks in their 20s. Result: Better memory.
Researchers discover a new cause of hyperactivity -- in the inner ear. Suggests new avenues for treatment.
Birth rate up among U.S. moms in their 30s and early 40s; hits record low for teens and women in their early 20s.
RT @latimesscience: Gut bacteria from lean humans kept mice lean, while gut bacteria from obese humans made mice obese.
RT @aminawrite: Brain gain: Video game sharpens up older players' mental skills 
Federal health officials worry that e-cigarettes will lure teens into smoking real cigarettes.
Has your teen smoked an e-cigarette? There's a 1-in-10 chance the answer is yes, FDA/CDC study says.
Heart attack patients get angioplasty faster, but survival not up. @LATerynbrown reports on @NEJM study.
What do neurologists and detectives have in common? Pretty much everything, according to these guys.
RT @latimesscience: Heart attack patients get arteries opened more quickly in the hospital, but death rates aren't down. @NEJM
Hibernation would be handy for patients recovering from heart attacks, head traumas. Lemurs may show us how to do it.
Thousands of babies are about to become guinea pigs by having their DNA sequenced shortly after birth.
This pocket primate may teach scientists how help people survive heart attacks. 
@arjunphilippe Very sorry to hear
So much for that saying about sticks and stones. Words really can hurt, study shows.
@farrenheit Several studies are footnoted here:
@kerrygaynor Yes! Though on days like today it's almost too hot to even go
Doctors rarely advise patients to use sunscreen. And by "rarely" we mean less than 1% of the time. @JAMADerm
RT @DrFriedenCDC: .@latimeshealth More progress is needed to help Americans live longer, healthier &amp; more productive lives despite
The @CDCgov says four simple steps could save 200,000 American lives each year.
What if obesity didn't lead to heart disease, type 2 diabetes and other ills? A new drug might make that happen.
King Richard III's body provides some insight into the state of sanitation during medieval times: "Horrible."
This "brain window" would give doctors a direct view of a brain tumor or deliver pulses of light for therapies.
RT @latimesscience: King Richard III may have suffered from a parasite as nasty as his reputation -- roundworms.
An experimental drug seems to erase some of the negative health consequences of obesity. By @LATMelissaHealy
More than 200,000 Americans die needlessly of heart disease and stroke each year, @CDCgov says. By @montemorin
RT @aminawrite: Does being poor make you less smart?
Whale tans may teach scientists something about how humans can stay safe in the sun.
Loving this #LATFit #TOTD via @NessaSarah: When you stray, no fretting. Just hop #backontrack
RT @MaeveReston: The Morning Pick-me-up: sprints, spider plank crunches &amp; glider push-ups. @annarenderer is so much better than coffee.
RT @latimesscience: What do food, sex, money and Facebook have in common? They activate the same part of the brain.
"We’re at the beginning of learning about concussion and all of its long-term effects." Per @NFL settlement.
RT @latimesscience: That fragile male ego: Men automatically interpreted a partner's success as their own failure, study finds.
Who uses sleeping pills in America? Odds are higher if you're white, a woman, over 50 and went to college. @CDCgov
Sigmund Freud said depression was rage turned inward. Seems he wasn't thinking about men. @LATMelissaHealy explains.
Depression isn't a "woman's disease." It's just that the symptoms in men can be quite different.
No wonder it hurts: A migraine actually changes the shape of your brain, Neurology study reports. @GreenNeurology
RT @latimesscience: It's not science fiction: researchers use stem cells to grow and study human "brain organoids." By @LATerynbrown.
RT @latimesscience: Where does mercury in fish come from? Scientists trace chemical fingerprints to coal-burning power plants in Asia.
You don't have to be an infant to benefit from the infant rotavirus vaccine, @CDCgov reports in @JAMA_current.
@grink
RT @aminawrite: Watch your mouth around that unborn baby! Fetus in womb learns language cues before birth, study finds
RT @LATerynbrown: Ovarian cancer test may help detect disease in earlier stages, according to a new study. Story by @LATMelissaHealy.
FINALLY, some good news about ovarian cancer!
Here's some encouraging news for those who haven't had much success with dieting. By @LATMelissaHealy.
The "cancer" effect: When DCIS is called "cancer" (not "lesion" or "abnormal cells") more women want surgery.
RT @latimesscience: Cocaine changes the shape of your brain. Fast. (If you are a mouse.)
RT @latimesscience: @xprize pulled the plug on its genomics prize last week. One man who planned to compete isn't happy about it.
Getting his #LATFIt in early: RT @bfisher_qsi #LATFit Sunday Run Day at the beach.
Organizers call off of the Archon Genomics @xprize competition two weeks before it was supposed to start. Here's why:
RT @latimesscience: The Genomics @xprize was called off Thursday. A geneticist who planned to compete isn't happy. By @LATerynbrown.
Hey, college students -- looking to avoid the freshman 15? Here are some ways to stay fit in your dorm room: 
Hey, college students -- looking to avoid the freshman 15? Here are some ways to stay fit in your dorm room: 
Hey, college students -- looking to avoid the freshman 15? Here are some ways to stay fit in your dorm room: 
RT @latimesscience: Here's a whole new way to think about pain, from @NatureNews. @LATsciguy explains.
Have questions about healthcare law? @chadterhune has answers: 
RT @renelynch: My husband made me do it. Thank you, Hubsterific. #latfit #10000steps #18inarow #sitless #movemore…
Is your BMI a good indicator of how healthy you are? Some experts are questioning its use:
RT @LATerynbrown: Baby boys in Western states less likely to be circumcised in the hospital, @CDCgov reports. By @LATkarenkaplan.
How did H7N9 get from wild birds to chickens to people? Scientists point their fingers at Chinese ducks.
For the first time, an ebola treatment works in patients (monkeys) who already have fevers and other symptoms.
RT @annagorman: Employer benefits more expensive. Are yours?
Experts had noticed that women who binged and purged often had alcohol dependence issues. This could be why.
RT @latimesscience: DNA double whammy: Alcohol dependence and eating disorders may be traced to the same genes.
RT @ADHDCoachLynn: Urgent anti-bully message to educators: Do more to stop it! @Annie_Fox
How do you get in your #LATFit? @ChicaMaravilla hits the trails and takes in the Hollywood sign! 
RT @kurtissl: #10000steps #LATFIT yesterday Aug 20, 2013 total steps 16,153 - aerobic steps 11,225 in 107 minutes -…
RT @latimesscience: What if you could measure a patient's suicide risk with a blood test? Scientists are working on it.
Doctors find a simple way to manage high blood pressure, potentially saving millions of lives. @JAMA_current
How do you get in your #LATFit? How about taking in the Victorian-era houses along this #EchoPark Lake walk?
RT @annagorman: A majority of California voters support the ACA, according to new Field Poll. And about 60% are 'somewhat knowledgeable"
RT @latimesfood: Coffee: Good for us? Or bad for us? Two new studies disagree
RT @latimesscience: Copper is essential to the human body, but too much of it may promote Alzheimer's disease, neuroscientists say.
Yet more evidence that young women care more about getting a tan now than getting skin cancer later. (Or wrinkles.)
A second child is seven times more likely to be diagnosed with autism if an older sibling has the diagnosis.
RT @latimesscience: Genetics aren't the whole story with autism, but mom's DNA is more influential than dad's, study finds.
About 1 in 4 young white women uses tanning beds, even though it seriously increases skin cancer risk.
Kids who are bullied suffer well into adulthood. Their health, behavior and even their finances suffer.
How do you get in your #LATFit? &gt; Beach lovers go body surfing &gt;
The Biggest Loser's @dolvett wants to get you AND your dog off the couch: Tips for working out w/ Fido 
As if you needed another reason to restrain yourself from giving soda to 5-year-olds, along comes this:
Scientists find a way to tell if supposedly vegetative patients are actually conscious.
You knew it was bad, but it's actually even worse.
How do you get your #LATFit in? @chicamaravilla hits the park and takes in a sunset: 
@runningrachel It's the hashtag we use to share photos of our healthy choices -- workouts, tips, etc. We could use your
Brain scans reveal that people thought to be vegetative or minimally conscious could actually answer questions.
"The more you used Facebook, the more your mood dropped." -- Ethan Kross, lead author of @PLOSONE study.
Old-school Rx in Russia: "Any manufactured drug has a long list of ... side effects. But the leech has none."
RT @latimesscience: Microbiologists solve 110-year-old mystery of how Typhoid Mary remained healthy while sickening so many others.
Your ears may be older (or younger) than you think. Take this test from @AsapSCIENCE to find out.
Many prostate cancers can be safely left alone for years because the tumors don't get more dangerous over time.
Looking for a *low-impact* cardio workout? Try kettle bells &gt; 
RT @latimesscience: Got a sweet tooth? Researchers have some bad news for you.
@dr_rocamboli Thank you! (Props to
"I am so exhausted and so happy." -- stroke survivor Polina Pustylnik after a day at Chapman U.'s Stroke Boot Camp.
Summer camp with a twist: Physical therapists at Chapman U. help stroke survivors get closer to their normal lives.
Super fun way to get in your #LATFit: Hydro *biking* with the fam! &gt; 
RT @DavanMaharaj: MAJESTIC: Big-horned sheep surveys morning hikers in Joshua Tree. #lafit
Pilates as the fountain of youth? Look at Jane Seymour for your answer: 
A high-protein, low-sugar regimen is the best weight-loss strategy, says this weight-loss expert: 
Want to kick smoking? Have you tried meditation? 
Join us now for an #LATfit chat w/ Biggest Loser's @dolvett &gt; Working out with your #dog! &gt;
JOIN US: 6:30 a.m. #LATfit chat w/ The Biggest Loser trainer @dolvett on working out with your dog: 
Wanna join #LATFit? It's simple! Just use hashtag to post your healthy choices. Why? We all need the inspiration:
If you need to resort to fiber pills... it's a sign you're not eating enough veggies! #LATfit #TOTD
No. 17: Band together w/ friends + invest in fun workout DVDs. Swap each month: 
WHOA! MRT @MyLastBite After 7 months of 10,000 DAILY steps (thanks to #LATfit!): For the 1st time in 5 years I didn't gain 1 lb. in
Uh, you are in Antibes, @lauraelizdavis #LATFit nation demands something more scenic than this:
Don't be intimidated by the 5K. Just choose a race focused on having FUN and helping others: 
This #LATfit #TOTD via @EleniMARDN: Shop #Farmersmarkets. Good for environment, local economy + your health. [Plus, get in lots of
Awesome way to get in your #LATFit for the day: Play tourist &gt; MRT @lauraelizdavis 
#LATFit #Yummy &gt; MRT @EleniMARDN Lunch: vine ripened tomatoes, edamame, egg whites, cucumber, sprinkle of salt &amp; drizzle of olive oil
Plank position is a great way to tighten up abs. And then, work your way up to this bad boy: 
How gluten-free is "gluten free"? Less than 20 parts per million of gluten, the FDA says.
Considering a facelift? Don't expect it to make you look more attractive (and you'll look only 3 years younger).
RT @latimesscience: Sleeping problems? Skip the pills, grab a tent and go camping, study says.
RT @latimesscience: Scientists locate the gene for smelling violets, among other scents.
Taking your summer fitness outdoors? Some tips for staying safe beneath the rays: 
@crewtat2 So sorry to hear that! Hopefully this research will help with some answers for other service members and
Is pituitary damage another consequence of serving time in combat, like PTSD and TBI? The Pentagon is investigating.
RT @julie_cart: This is Bad: ‘Nightmare Bacteria’ Are More Common Than We Thought 
Eat your spinach! Study in Neurology links anemia to dementia in older people. @GreenJournal
As if you needed another reason to say no to meth, scientists say it increases the risk of a deadly lung infection.
In case you missed it, here's why experts think smokers, others at high risk for lung cancer should get annual CTs.
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Which state has the most breastfeeding? If you guessed California, you'd be ... close (#2). Try Idaho.
@kphawaii Yes indeed! It's #4 in nursing for 12 months
Hospitals help push U.S. breastfeeding rates up to 77%, @CDCgov says. 49% of moms stick with it for 6 months.
Curious about the brain-eating amoeba that has an Arkansas girl fighting for her life? Here's a primer:
Here's a moving story about watching a life end, up close, via @nprscottsimon's Twitter feed. Get your hankies.
Kicking off the day #LATfit #strong &gt; MRT @noellecarter I walked 5.22 mi with @MapMyWalk. #walk #walking
Healthy pets could lead to healthier pet owners: 
New research supports the link between breastfeeding and intelligence in kids when they're 3 and 7 years old.
Want to help families with diaper need? Here's how to support @LADiaperDrive, @baby2baby. 
RT @montemorin: Holy Crapp! The journal Pediatrics uncovers hidden diaper crisis. @LATerynbrown
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Parents, resist the urge to give your little kids candy. It's the No. 1 cause of nonfatal choking incidents.
There are laws that protect kids from choking on toys, but not foods. Yet 34 kids/day go to ER after choking on food.
Tell #LATFit about your creative ways to get in exercise: Our buddy @KurtissL plays tourist, hitting up the zoo:
Not having money for diapers is a LOT MORE than an inconvenience. It keeps kids out of school, parents out of work.
Learn how to land "softly" -- and prevent painful ACL tears: 
Get too much sun today? An anti-inflammatory can help decrease the redness and reduce sunburn pain. More tips here:
"You should be shown the scientific data that support [your doctor's] recommendation": Advice from Dr. @FS_Southwick:
#LATfit tip from @kurtissl: Watching TV or movies while on the treadmill can take your mind off exercise:
You can get health benefits from tea, but it's good to know fact from myth. Here's a primer:
This weekend, hundreds of athletes are trying to become "Fittest on Earth" at the @CrossFit games in Carson:
Get strong and balanced rear shoulder muscles by including this exercise in your weight routine: 
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner seeks therapy after facing sexual harassment allegations. Addiction expert weighs in:
Does adding milk to tea negate its health benefits? Is hot tea healthier than iced tea? Facts and myths about tea:
Want to get outside and move this weekend? Here are some hiking paths around L.A. to check out: 
Virginia Johnson, who played a leading role in turning sex into a science and legitimate field of therapy, dies at 88
@laseraway You
@laseraway
.@CIRMnews approves a plan to develop a network of clinics for conducting trials of experimental stem-cell therapies:
Should dieters skip breakfast? In one study, people who went without it ate an average of 408 fewer calories in a day
You can strengthen your core muscles while lying on the floor. Here's how --&gt; 
New study links a woman's height to her risk of getting cancer:
RT @latimesscience: Scientists say they have evidence that a full moon can disturb your sleep:
RT @annagorman: Check out the video about the new LA County health effort to use pets as inspiration
@geoffsabtchange We understand. Note that the story points out the conflicting
Trying to lose weight? Skipping breakfast might be an effective diet strategy, study says:
Ladies, a new study says your cancer risk increases 13% with every 4 inches of height:
Stalled HPV vaccination rate alarms CDC officials:
RT @mmacvean: Gluten-free LA: the stats on take out:
#LATfit tip from @renelynch: Find easy ways to cut carbs. National Institute of Medicine recommends 130 grams a day:
#Healthtip for people fasting during Ramadan: Go slow when breaking your fast, and eat whole grains and protein:
Grab some light weights and try this quick way to work the fronts and backs of your arms at the same time: 
Can your pet make you healthy? @annagorman talks about an effort to use pets to inspire people to get fit:
What Will and Kate did right, and what they could have done better: 5 #royalbaby-inspired car seat safety tips:
Should the FDA ban menthol cigarettes?
RT @noellecarter: I walked 5.06 mi with @MapMyWalk. #walk #walking #LATfit
RT @LATerynbrown: Carseat tips for Will, Kate and #royalbaby George: no swaddling in the seat!
Calling someone names for being fat doesn't motivate them to lose weight–it can make them eat more, researchers say:
RT @latimesscience: Want to keep your family safe? Then raise your kids in the city:
Black women with breast cancer fare worse than whites because they were sicker to start with, researchers say:
RT @annagorman: Answering to Patients Who Yell the Loudest - Atlantic Mobile
How to stay fit and healthy if you're fasting during Ramadan:
Why breast cancer is more likely to kill black women:
Calif. agency to vote on a plan aimed at making it easier for patients to find clinical trials of stem cell therapies
RT @mmacvean: Some of what's ahead for the #royalbaby, @latimeshealth story from Susan Brink:
Healthcare costs concern doctors, but only 36% say they themselves have a major responsibility to reduce them:
Tone your legs and abs at the same time by trying the triangle butt lift: 
FDA says menthol cigarettes pose a greater risk:
Organ recipient dies of rabies after getting the disease from a donated organ:
Saying they're more addictive, the FDA moves toward regulating menthol cigarettes:
Who's responsible for reducing healthcare costs? Most doctors surveyed say they don't have a "major responsibility":
Many imported hot sauces sold in the U.S. contain dangerous levels of lead, a first-of-its-kind study says:
Tainted steroid injections were responsible for at least three cases of stroke last year, new research says:
How what's on a cigarette pack affects the experience of smoking:
Thinking of skipping breakfast? New study links not eating a morning meal to heart disease:
RT @lauraelizdavis: Not enough moving at work today, so I have to bust out these babies. #LATfit
White House is enlisting the help of celebrities to try to convince people to get coverage under the healthcare law:
Smoking cigarettes from packs with no branding makes the experience less satisfying, study says:
Do you often skip breakfast? Perhaps you should make an effort not to – new study links it with heart disease:
RT @annagorman: For an upcoming story about @lapublichealth trying to get people to stop smoking using pets as inspiration.
RT @mmacvean: Some strategies for eating healfully on a small budget: 
Emergency room visits related to falling TVs have increased 95% since 1990:
Calif. community health centers vary widely in their ability to control chronic diseases. @annagorman reports:
Every 30 minutes in the U.S., a falling TV injures a child badly enough to require a trip to hospital, study says:
In South L.A., billboards urging gay black men to get tested for HIV spark controversy:
RT @annagorman: Final clinic story with an amazing database by Sandy Poindexter! I so appreciate @Theclinicinc for participating.
Pediatric surgeons issue a warning about accidental inhalation of homemade blow-gun darts:
"When I'm lifting weights, there is only one thought going through my head: Just do one more": 
Trouble sleeping? Here are some non-prescription alternatives to help you get a good night's rest:
How the national healthcare overhaul is prodding hospital executives to improve the patient experience:
RT @bfisher_qsi: #LATFit 17,500 steps today: the Comic Con
RT @DavanMaharaj: July gloom can't stop crowds @usopenofsurf. #lafit @lauraelizdavis @SLeasca
RT @LATgreatreads: Some allies in Michelle Obama's anti-obesity campaign say she was silent on a key issue when she was needed:
Need a new challenge for your ab workout? Try this exercise: 
If you have time for a relaxing walk this weekend, here's a guide to the newly refurbished Echo Park Lake: 
In a potential setback for the #ACA, Anthem Blue Cross spurns Calif.'s insurance market for small businesses:
Want to do yoga at home? Here are some yoga poses and stretches you can try this weekend: 
Happy Friday! Let go of the work week with this stretch that's good to do after a long period of sitting: 
#FF: Keep up with the @latimes health and science team with this list:
Unfounded fears of using estrogen therapy led to the early deaths of nearly 50,000 women, study says:
@adhdcoachlynn
In a surprise move, Anthem Blue Cross says it won't be part of California's insurance market for small businesses:
@practiceperfemr
@dmg_aicr Glad we could
Why do cigarettes and booze go together?
How to do crunches without neck pain: 
Study: Nicotine primes the desire to drink alcohol, and to drink more alcohol. But stress hormones seal the deal:
The rate of smoking among homeless people is four times that of the U.S. adult population, doctors say:
Rejecting estrogen-only hormone therapy resulted in the early deaths of nearly 50,000 women, study finds:
In a study, McDonald's diners were reminded how many calories they should eat at lunch. They didn't take the advice:
About 75% of homeless people smoke, and doctors say it's time to change that:
@ethemhocam Hopefully we'll get some good
Question from our repoter @annagorman: "Obama says consumers are already saving money because of health reform – do you agree?"
RT @annagorman: The people most likely to purchase insurance through exchanges are as healthy as those with employer insurance, new @RWJF
RT @SLeasca: WhatSUP with you California? #sup #sunshine #latfit
RT @mmacvean: This is a little scary: 'Senior moments' may have real link to Alzheimer's disease 
Despite the NHL's ban on hits to the head, concussions during games have actually increased, study says:
RT @noellecarter: I walked 5.06 mi with @MapMyWalk. #walk #walking #LATfit
New device analyzes smoke during surgery to determine if tissue is cancerous:
Sensitive knees? Here's a way to work your butt and hamstrings without overworking the fronts of your thighs: 
"Senior moments" may be a scientifically valid way to predict Alzheimer's disease:
RT @latimesscience: Florida native Michael Boatwright wakes up in a Palm Springs ER speaking only Swedish. What might be the cause?
Mayor Bloomberg's latest anti-obesity push: country's first legislation aimed at getting people to take the stairs:
RT @renelynch: 8 ways to put a rocket under your butt and get 2013 back on track: 
"iKnife" can help surgeons determine if a tissue is cancerous in a matter of seconds, study says:
RT @latimesscience: New study says about 100 cases of West Nile virus could have been prevented last year by monitoring mosquitoes:
RT @annagorman: Obama’s last campaign: Inside the White House plan to sell Obamacare
Report: 85% of full-time workers can get employer-provided medical benefits, while only 24% of part-time workers can:
RT @julie_cart: Single dose of ADHD drug can reduce fall risk in older adults, study suggests:
Health reform could help California close the gap in mental health care:
California's teen birthrate drops to its lowest level since 1991:
RT @lauraelizdavis: Workday + tap class gets me to 10,000 steps. I'll call it 7,000 steps, 2,000 flaps and 1,000 shuffles :) #LATfit
Is the Boy Scouts' ban on severely obese Scouts at this year's national jamboree misguided?
You can train the backs of your upper arms and the fronts of your upper thighs at the same time. Here's how: 
@dramysdental
Federal healthcare law is expected to help more Californians get mental health treatment:
This year, fitness is a requirement for Boy Scouts to participate in the national Jamboree:
New study links hormone reduction therapy for prostate cancer to an increased risk of kidney injury:
Researchers learn more about how an "obesity gene" causes people to gain weight:
How the city of Santa Monica is working to make nail salons safer:
Be careful cooking chicken from the farmer's market – it could carry more bacteria, study finds:
RT @annagorman: California's teen birth rate continues to drop, according to
"Obesity gene" makes people more likely to feel hungry after a meal and to prefer high-calorie foods, study says:
Jenny McCarthy on "The View": A new forum for her to espouse her controversial beliefs about autism:
FDA approves a brain wave device to help confirm a diagnosis of ADHD:
@lacrepat Lookin'
RT @noellecarter: I walked 5.09 mi with @MapMyWalk. #walk #walking #LATfit
Researchers hope a new test could help cut down on unnecessary antibiotic use:
RT @annagorman: USC buys Verdugo Hills Hospital in Glendale
No time to work out? @renelynch suggests trying just a 10-minute walk – 5 minutes away, 5 minutes back: 
Jenny McCarthy's seat on "The View" gives her a new forum to express her controversial beliefs about autism:
Too much salt and rising obesity are raising kids' risk of having elevated blood pressure, study says:
Researchers say they've assembled the world's largest database to match cancers with genetic mutations:
Tired of not knowing whether your sick kid has a viral or bacterial infection? New test could help:
Kids' and teens' risk of elevated blood pressure has risen 27% over 13 years, study finds:
For every year you put off retirement, your chances of developing dementia are cut by 3%, study says:
@ferrarokitchen Nice
FDA proposes limiting how much arsenic can be in apple juice:
@crossfit Thanks for letting us
RT @lauraelizdavis: .@renelynch inspired me: Today's my first full day with #Fitbit. #latfit
Rock your way to stronger abs with this popular @CrossFit move that works your entire core: 
RT @renelynch: Goodnight, weekend! #latfit #10000 #omron #pedometerwars
RT @mmacvean: Another gluten-free market, this one in Woodland Hills has fresh pita, cookies, cupcakes and more 
RT @MaeveReston: Last Sunday's run -- a downtown stairclimb -- inspiration for this Sunday. #LATfit
Getting out and about today? Make your walk a full body exercise by vaulting over a wall – here's how: 
RT @MaeveReston: #LATfit RT @BrittanyJLadd: Morning run -- could get used to this view. #california @ Hollywood Lake
Quests to be #glutenfree inspire some to open their own stores:
Shopping for new running shoes? Here are some with the most radical cushioning technology you've ever seen: 
In some spas, you can soothe your body and your mind:
Want to slim your inner thighs? Try some frog legs (and we're not talking about eating them): 
.@WHO estimates that a woman dies from complications of pregnancy or childbirth every 90 seconds:
At one point in the 1990s, 18% of high school sophomores said they smoked cigarettes daily. Last year, it was 5%:
Study: Contraceptives could prevent an estimated 118,000 maternal deaths in poor countries:
@natinnutrition Thank
Global air pollution contributes to the premature deaths of more than 2 million adults each year, new research says:
Percentage of teens smoking cigarettes drops to the lowest point ever recorded, study says:
@mycarecircles
Defanged version of HIV used in gene therapy helps children with two rare and fatal diseases:
The dancers' stretch is a total body strengthener, and it's good for runners too: 
BRCA1 and BRCA2, the genes the Supreme Court ruled on last month, are again involved in a lawsuit:
Researchers use a safe version of HIV to treat children with fatal genetic diseases:
Yes, a study says your smartphone can impede your workouts. But here's how it can help you lose weight: 
Depressed moms are more likely to have 5-year-olds who are overweight, study finds:
@mypaleoplan Looks
Woman with 1-in-20,000 chance of finding a bone marrow match to treat her cancer is fighting to be there for her son:
Is your smartphone making you fat and lazy?
"Zombie" drug bath salts is more potent and potentially addictive than meth, study finds:
#WeHo woman fights to stay alive to raise her 2-yr-old 
RT @latimesscience: Study: Destructive antibodies transferred by mothers during pregnancy may cause nearly a quarter of autism cases:
Plan on running this morning but wasted too much time on your iPhone? Study: Frequent cell phone users work out less:
You can work your legs and core at the same time by trying the animal push-up: 
#Healthtip: Sufficient physical activity is 150 minutes of moderate activity a week or 75 minutes of vigorous activity.
Having an abortion nowadays doesn't do much to increase a woman's risk of later having a premature birth, study says:
RT @LATsciguy: A mother's own immune system conspires to cause autism in babies. UC Davis researchers find out how:
Think you can eat what you want if you just work out? Wrong. Numbers show more exercise doesn't mean more weight loss
Study: 23% of autism cases may result from destructive antibodies transferred by mothers during pregnancy:
Live now: Chat with a lifeguard and a dermatologist about keeping your family safe at the beach this summer:
RT @latimesscience: Estrogen helps females respond to stress better than males, study finds:
Modern abortion procedures reduce a woman's risk of having a premature birth in a later pregnancy, study finds:
Plan to hit the beach this summer? Learn how to keep your family safe by joining our live chat at 2:30pm PDT:
Americans are exercising more, but we're still not losing much weight:
RT @annagorman: Good piece on ER overuse -- How Oregon Is Getting ‘Frequent Flyers’ Out Of Hospital ERs via @washingtonpost
Is your kitty's poop a threat to the public's health?
Want your legs to look great from all angles? Try a lunge that works your thighs all the way around: 
Farm subsidies from the government are contributing to the obesity epidemic in the U.S., researchers say:
So Elton John has "appendix abscess surrounding retrocaecal appendicitis." What does that mean?
RT @tennyt: We're eating 1,000% more corn syrup now than in 1970. Govt. farm subsidies are the culprit.
How the month you were conceived can affect your health:
Country music star Randy Travis is hospitalized with viral cardiomyopathy – what is it?
Why your cat's poop could be a public health threat:
Do outdoor smoking bans actually improve public health? New research says no:
The month you were conceived may have had an effect on your health at birth, researchers say:
RT @kurtissl: #10000steps #LATFIT - July 8, 2013 - total steps 11,187 - aerobic steps 6,900 - #photo random shot…
Work your legs, butt and core while improving your hand-eye coordination with the water bottle drill: 
How listening to and making music can improve your health:
Hospitals are switching to electronic medical records, but that doesn’t mean you’re getting better care, report says:
RT @MyLastBite: Starting #TheWire season 2 on the #treadmill @lafitness #latfit #mydayinla @ LA Fitness
RT @LATerynbrown: ER survey: Nearly 1 in 4 injured young people had a gun. Also more likely to believe violence is acceptable.
Want to live for a long time? Prepare for disability, studies warn:
RT @mmacvean: Transforming a chocolate cake into a #glutenfree treat. @glutenfreegirl @latlands @Glutenfreeworks
Life expectancy is 5.5 years lower in northern China than in the south because of heavy air pollution, study finds:
@ryan1623 Thanks for sharing your
@noremacgrimm Thanks for
Should people be able to puff on electronic cigarettes in places where regular cigarettes aren't allowed?
As California transitions families to Medi-Cal, autistic children are losing coverage for therapy:
RT @FerraroKitchen: Ran along this view for 2.5 miles today! #running #sealbeachtri #latfit
How can YOU join #LATFit? So glad you asked! Just use the hashtag to post on Twitter / Instagram. Goal: #sitless #movemore
#LATfit starts the week strong with a new "foot" soldier! Pls. welcome ‏@jenjenk, who gets it done mermaid style:
Tone your abs while stretching your hips by trying the scorpion reach: 
"We were put here to be moving living creatures; we're capable of a lot physically." ~ @TracyAnderson:
Give your shoulders and legs a challenge by adding a medicine ball to the plank pose: 
.@mmacvean talks to fitness instructor @TracyAnderson: 
Should e-cigarettes be regulated the same way traditional cigarettes are?
RT @lacrepat: For what it's worth, #fitbit said my 40-mile bike ride was equal to 11,200 steps, 5 miles of walking, 0 active minutes
Got a fun, creative way to get fit? Share it by joining #LATfit:
Experts on the U.N. team being convened to plan for the possible spread of the MERS virus to be revealed Monday:
Do @WHO's new HIV therapy guidelines go far enough? One doctor says no:
RT @renelynch: Went old school today! #latfit #walking #10000 steps #pedometerwars
If you want to get outside and move this weekend, here are places around L.A. where you can walk or hike: 
Feel like dancing this weekend? Get your heart rate up and work your leg muscles with the Russian dance: 
You probably have about 100 species and 200 strains of bacteria living in your gut, new study finds:
.@WHO announces emergency committee to plan for a possible escalation in illnesses caused by the deadly MERS virus:
Want to work off that 4th of July BBQ food? The lateral traveling ape is a good way to burn calories: 
RT @DavanMaharaj: The Western sun rising over Saddleback Mtn. #lafit
Happy 4th! But be careful out there — the holiday is the deadliest day on the road:
Two men with HIV who had bone marrow transplants are now virus-free:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Need a new liver? Grow one from scratch, using stem cells from your skin. Someday. Maybe sooner than you think.
RT @latimesscience: What happens to your body—and mind—during a hunger strike? @montemorin talks to experts and a hunger striker:
Study looking at surface deformities in a deep brain region of premature babies could help diagnose ADHD earlier:
Something to help relieve the shortage of donor organs? Scientists use stem cells, mouse body to make a human liver:
RT @latimesscience: DNA sequencing of cholera bacterium from Haiti points to U.N. Nepalese peacekeeping troops as the source:
Group says Pepsi still has a cancer-causing ingredient a year after the company pledged to eliminate it:
.@CoveredCA: Delay of healthcare law's mandate for employers to provide coverage won't affect California's exchange:
CDC chief: Doctors prescribe narcotics too often for pain, putting patients at risk of addiction and overdose:
Two HIV-positive lymphoma patients who got bone marrow transplants to treat their cancer remain virus-free:
RT @omgyummy: Just back from my Wednesday walk! #LATFIT cc: #attune
@jenjenk Pfff is right! It's good just to be
Want to be gluten free but don't know exactly what has gluten and what doesn't? Here's a guide for grocery shopping:
Try the close-to-wide squat: 
Nutrition advocates call a meal from Long John Silver's the worst restaurant meal in America:
RT @latimesscience: U.S. beaches are being polluted at a stubbornly high rate, putting swimmers at risk of getting sick, report says:
Why are people who are low on the socio-economic ladder more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes?
Healthcare law's requirement that employers provide coverage for workers will go into effect in 2015 instead of 2014:
Obama administration delays the healthcare law's requirement that employers provide coverage to workers. More details
Did you know baked beans, soy sauce and even toothpaste can contain gluten? Tips on avoiding gluten when shopping:
Advocacy group says Long John Silver's serves the least healthful meal in the country:
RT @renelynch: Done and done. #latfit #pedometerwars #walking #10000 steps... Please join us as we try to #sitless…
Could asthma medicine someday treat people with Down syndrome? Researchers are trying it on mice:
UnitedHealth, the nation's largest health insurer, is leaving California's individual health insurance market:
.@WHO has a new recommendation on drug therapy for people with HIV: start earlier:
Do you think your kids should be drinking low-fat or whole milk? Whole might be a better choice, scientists say:
The plie side kick is a total body exercise that can be done slowly for toning, fast for cardio: 
New recommendation from @WHO: People with HIV should start drug therapy earlier:
Going for an evening stroll? Make it a full lower-body workout by trying some step-ups while you're out:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Dietary math: 150 calories of milk + 120 calories of cookies is better than 90 cal of milk and 180 cal of cookies.
CDC reports that ATV injuries are down: 
Should kids drink low-fat or whole milk? Scientists say whole milk might be a better choice:
Drop-jump test, triple-hop stability test, single-leg squat test: How to tell if you're at risk for knee injury:
RT @LATerynbrown: Is the deadly MERS virus headed here? @DRFriedenCDC says scientists at @CDCgov and beyond are keeping tabs.
RT @annagorman: Interesting take on death certificates: Making the Right Call, Even in Death
Work your biceps and glutes at the same time by trying the praying mantis exercise: 
Three simple tests to help you figure out if your knees are at risk for injury: 
RT @renelynch: Six cool tips for a healthy summer: 
RT @tennyt: Why we order fries: Seeing a healthy menu option at a restaurant 'basically satisfies that goal to be healthy.'
Planning to prevent a pandemic: Health officials track the deadly MERS virus and develop global battle plans:
You can tone your glutes, hamstrings and quadriceps with the ballet-inspired "booty lifter." How to do it --&gt; 
RT @renelynch: Front-yard strawberries -- seen along my #latfit #walk
Four economical workout machines will disappear into your closet until the next round: 
"Reverse vaccine" for Type 1 diabetes passes its first test with human subjects, according to a new study:
First nonhormonal treatment for hot flashes is approved by the FDA:
Go for a walk on an empty stomach first thing in the morning, @MyTrainerBob recommends: 
Special training programs aim to help prevent ACL tears and knee injuries:
10-year-old girl who underwent a double lung transplant received a second set of lungs after the first set failed:
#LATfit tip via @MyLastBite: No cocktails before 10,000 steps:
FDA approves an antidepressant to treat hot flashes:
RT @latimesscience: Study: Insomnia prior to deployment at least doubles troops' risk for PTSD, quadruples it for depression:
Obama administration issues religious-exemption regulations on contraception as part of the new healthcare law:
No more doughnuts or cookies: USDA releases new standards for snacks sold on school campuses during the day:
Keeping a food journal can help you lose weight. Here are three online services to help you track calories: 
Love carbs? It's hard not to — eating them makes you want more, new study says:
If you need a quick cardio workout, try the up and over — it's a fast way to burn some calories: 
New study finds that a traumatic brain injury can increase your risk of ischemic stroke:
If you want to run 100 miles (and who doesn't?), just keep going to 200. It's easier on your body, scientists say:
Want to work out but hate the crowds at gyms? New app helps you avoid the rush: 
RT @LATSeema: This made me think of #LATFit followers -- Wearable Devices Nudge You to Health 
RT @annagorman: .@CalEndow and Department of Health Care Services announce $26.5 million in funding for Medi-Cal outreach and
High-carb meals not only make you hungrier — they make you crave more of the same, study finds:
RT @lisagirion: Mayo study says most of us are on RXs; leading meds fight germs, the blues and pain. Find -
RT @annagorman: Today is national HIV testing day... Do you know your status? Lots of people are living with HIV and don't know
@shescookin Nice job! That gives us all
Via @annagorman: @JerryBrownGov plans to sign Medi-Cal expansion
Running 100 miles? It might actually be easier on your body to run 200:
Some major health insurers want California lawmakers to close a loophole in the federal healthcare law: 
RT @latimesscience: Scientists explore a link between obesity, cancer and bacteria in the gut:
The triceps kick strengthens your triceps and works your core, glutes and hamstrings. Here's how to do it: 
"Remember the 80/20 rule" when keeping a food journal, @renelynch says. Get her tips here: 
In its first slate of decisions on tobacco products, the FDA approved two new products and rejected four:
Doctors and researchers applaud the Supreme Court's gay marriage rulings: 
RT @jamielsimon: #LA Runyon Canyon Park #Yoga #pod #mydayinla #fitness #yogatime
Why is being overweight linked to liver cancer risk? New research says it might have to do with bacteria in the gut:
RT @latimesscience: MT‏ @AmyTheHub: 360 chimps, veterans of sci/med experiments, will move from government labs into sanctuaries. Full
New study suggests that veterans who suffer from PTSD could be at greater risk for heart disease:
Want a smaller waist? Whittle it down with the wood chop with leg swing: 
Severe concussion among kids may be far more common than has been estimated, new research suggests:
RT @julie_cart: Prescription for conflict: Top Medicare Prescribers Rake In Speaking Fees From Drugmakers 
New research finds that roughly 1 in 5 adolescents has probably suffered a traumatic brain injury:
FDA begins "historic" era of tobacco regulation with decisions about six products:
How was an old man told to stay healthy in the 1750s? Test your 18th century health knowledge with this quiz:
California fines Kaiser $4 million for problems related to patient access to mental health services:
Home gyms don't have to take up a lot of room. Here are reviews of four compact models that cost less than $2,600:
Study: It's better to talk to kids about healthy eating habits rather than diets: 
No need to go to the gym to vary your sit-up routine–just pull up a chair and do some crunches like this --&gt; 
Ladies, if you thought hormone replacement therapy would help ward off dementia, a study says you might be wrong:
Parents, give your kids advice about healthy eating and avoid talking to them about weight loss, study says:
RT @latimesscience: Are you connected with us on Facebook? Like our science and health page to get our stories in your newsfeed:
In a 5-4 decision, Supreme Court rules that Americans who are badly hurt by a generic drug can't sue the drug maker:
@brigettebrugada Haha,
White House announces new call centers, new website to help consumers find health insurance coverage: 
RT @latimesscience: New study looking at drinking water raises questions about the possible health risks of fracking:
Study reaches the surprising conclusion that the pathogen that causes leprosy has barely changed in 1,000 years:
Don't just work on your abs — strengthen your back too. Try the Superman exercise: 
New discovery suggests that humans adapted to become resistant to leprosy in the 14th and 15th centuries:
RT @kurtissl: #10000steps #LATFIT June 23, 2013 morning walk - aerobic steps 7941 in 76 minutes - there were some…
RT @latimesscience: New genetic analysis reveals that leprosy has remained essentially unchanged since medieval times:
RT @garveylatimes: How long can you wait to have a baby? 
10-year-old girl who received adult organs in a controversial double-lung transplant surgery is awake and responsive:
RT @CraftyDad: Breakfast is served! #paleo #lowcarb #highprotein #latfit #breakfast
RT @lauraelizdavis: A beautiful finish. #LATfit @ Color Me Rad 5K
After you buy veggies, don't leave them in the dark – research shows light can maximize their anti-cancer properties:
New documentary on obesity follows a group of women as they consider drastic measures to lose weight:
RT @DavanMaharaj: The throngs hit Peter's Canyon. #lafit h/t @lauraelizdavis
Got time for a hike this weekend? Here's a guide to a route in the Angeles National Forest: 
Actress @ElisabethRohm says sharing her secret of infertility is a relief:
More options are now available to women giving birth in hospitals – learn about what's changed:
RT @mmacvean: Story from @theatlantic could change how I work out.
Exposing veggies to light for 12 hours a day maximizes their anti-cancer properties, study finds: 
RT @latimesscience: Does your lettuce have "jet lag"? Researchers look at how to maximize the anti-cancer properties of vegetables:
CDC aims to educate Asians about hepatitis B, which affects them far more than the overall U.S. population:
New documentary "All of Me" explores the complexity of what it's like to be morbidly obese in America:
@bahrsuk
FDA's removal of restrictions on sales of Plan B One-Step effectively ends the fight over the morning-after pill:
RT @MyLastBite: 6/20/13 #Fitbit #Pedometer steps 14,810 (5.89 miles) #LATfit #Fitstats #PedometerWars #Fitness #Flex
Around 35% of women experience violence at the hands of their partners or other sexual violence, @WHO reports:
James Gandolfini's death: What's the difference between cardiac arrest and a heart attack?
Work your lower body with a blend of dance and fitness by trying the curtsy side lift: 
Study finds silver might be able to help you feel better when you're sick. And we don't mean as a gift:
RT @TheCuisinerd: Water Aerobics in Los Angeles...where little ol' biddies sing along to Jimmy Eat World. #ImNotMakingThisUp #Awesome
FDA approves over-the-counter use of emergency contraceptive Plan B One-Step for all women of child-bearing age:
30% of women worldwide experience violence at the hands of their partners, @WHO reports:
RT @annagorman: Hospital's ban on abortion tied to deal with Catholic provider 
FDA has approved emergency contraceptive Plan B One-Step for use by women of all ages without a prescription. Full story
James Gandolfini dies: Was it sudden cardiac arrest or a heart attack, and what's the difference?
RT @lauraelizdavis: Can't make it to the hills during the week, so my Mon-Fri hike is the stairwell. #LATfit
The number of Americans caring for someone with health issues is rising, new survey finds:
RT @renelynch: A great reason to join #LATFit nation? Shopping for new kicks! Show us how it's done, @LesleyLA:
The healing power of silver: Study finds adding it to antibiotics can make them 1,000 times more effective in mice:
"Until doing this research, I hadn't really thought of PTSD being due to a medical event":
Cardio doesn't have to be dull — try the lateral traveling ape to get your heart rate up: 
How the deadly MERS virus spread in Saudi Arabian hospitals:
RT @montemorin: Just say 'NO' to Noogies: Bullying by siblings as bad as bullying by peers and classmates @mmacvean
PTSD plagues 1 in 4 stroke victims, study finds:
Is sibling bullying just part of growing up? New study says no — it can be as damaging as other sorts of bullying:
RT @latimesscience: Scientists reconstruct how the deadly MERS virus spread through hospitals in Saudi Arabia:
HPV vaccine may be controversial, but it works: Research shows a 56% drop in infections among teenage girls:
CalPERS says its members' health premiums will rise an average of 3% in 2014, the smallest increase since 1998:
Should schools help prevent childhood obesity? Poll finds that 90% of Americans think they should:
Study: If patients and doctors used medicines responsibly, the U.S. healthcare system could save $213 billion a year:
New study credits the HPV vaccine with significantly reducing the infection rate among teenage
RT @annagorman: One more from @AmerMedicalAssn -- they want sodas out of food stamp
RT @torrey_ynews: Morning beach bootcamp...always hard to wake up, but always worth it #latfit
RT @Bibberche: My twice-a-week strength training at YMCA is definitely paying off: I look svelte! Thanks, Yvonne!
What's changed now that the medical establishment has declared obesity a "disease"?
Are you sitting at your desk reading this? Perhaps you should stand up:
We have a new #LATFit "foot" soldier: Welcome ‏@TheCuisinerd! We're trying to #SitLess #MoveMore + make healthier choices. Please join
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Now that the AMA says obesity is a "disease," you might be interested in the CDC's BMI calculator. Here it is:
The @AmerMedicalAssn votes to declare obesity a disease:
.@AmerMedicalAssn says you shouldn't be sitting all day at work. So today, don't send email. Say it in person 
Nearly 50,000 Aetna customers with individual health policies in California will need to find new coverage:
RT @latimesscience: Study: LAX doesn't exceed air pollution standards, but ultrafine particles in jet exhaust could do us harm:
"Get off your butts," @AmerMedicalAssn says. Here's what experts say about why sitting is bad for you:
The @AmerMedicalAssn doesn't want you to sit all day at work, so it wants your employer to give you other options:
Black and Latino infants exposed to air pollution are at heightened risk for developing asthma, new study finds:
RT @annagorman: Ok flats it is! “@washingtonpost: This is what high heels can do to your feet
Another reason to get up and move, ladies: Sports can help develop leadership skills for female executives: 
RT @annagorman: The American Medical Assn. @AmerMedicalAssn adopts policy recognizing risks of sitting. Employers should offer
Obamacare supporters kick off a months-long push on Sunday to prepare Americans to sign up for health insurance:
Starbucks says it will post calorie counts on its menu boards nationwide:
@bktayloredfit We're glad you like the idea. Let us know if you try
FDA investigating unexplained deaths of two patients who got injections of the antipsychotic medication Zyprexa:
RT @annagorman: Smoking rates among adults have declined from nearly 25% in 1997 to 18% in
RT @MeganSiobhan26: Theres nothing like a morning workout to get u pumped for the rest of the day!
RT @kyoshino: A perfect excuse to get up from my desk today: L.A. gets new park in heart of downtown #LATfit
#LATFit has a new "foot" soldier: Welcome ‏@BarrAndTable! We're all trying to #SitLess #MoveMore and make healthier choices. Please join
RT @renelynch: Look who is #LATFit killing it: MRT @BrigetteBrugada &gt; Into my 8th week at @lifetimefitness swimming laps 5-6 days per
Aetna says it will stop selling individual health insurance policies in California next month:
Yogi crunches can give you flat abs and a supported back. Here's how to do them: 
Are your upper arms waving long after you've said goodbye? "Skull crusher" can help sculpt your triceps: 
RT @LouisSahagun: Some L.A. County bus drivers say pesticides are making them ill
@tangimausia You're welcome! Have fun, and show us pictures of your hikes using #LATfit. We'll
Supreme Court ruling on generic drugs could save consumers billions:
The wiring of the autistic brain means a mother's voice is just another sound, new study finds:
New study finds that eating more red meat is linked to diabetes risk:
RT @renelynch: Done! #latfit #10000 steps #9inarow (I miscounted yesterday.) #pedometerwars #JoinLATFit #walking
Alternative therapies like yoga help wounded veterans heal their bodies and minds:
In a decision likely to benefit consumers, the Supreme Court rules for generic drugs, against "pay for delay" deals:
RT @annagorman: Former CMS Director @donberwick running for Mass. governor. What impact will his experience in healthcare have on the
@kurtissl Nice
RT @kurtissl: #10000steps #LATFIT June 16, 2013 - total steps 17,837 - aerobic steps 11,530 - colorful boats photo…
RT @AliceShort3: After three Oreos for breakfast you may want to ask yourself: how's that food journaling going?
RT @LANow: Does war deployment really increase suicide risk? @AlanZarembo will discuss at 9 a.m. Join the conversation:
Boston Children's Hospital announces it's opening the world's first pediatric hand transplant program:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: The Gitmo hunger strike leaves military doctors in an ethical quandary.
Need your kids to calm down and focus? This exercise is a great warm-up for reading and writing --&gt; 
Walk-in clinics are gaining popularity – a trend that's expected to continue as the healthcare law is implemented:
RT @LATgreatreads: Many U.S. troops who commit suicide never went to war. Researchers try to unravel the causes: 
Spend time with dad this Father’s Day by going for a walk with him: Here are places around L.A. to explore: 
Is force-feeding someone on a hunger strike aggravated assault? New opinion piece argues it is:
RT @lauraelizdavis: After a couple weekends away, I made it back to the mountain top today. #LATfit
Researchers find 2 types of brain atrophy in "Gulf War illness": 
RT @MyLastBite: 6/14/13 #Fitbit #Pedometer steps 17,453 (6.95 miles) #LATfit #Fitstats #PedometerWars #Fitness #Flex
A breakdown of how the Supreme Court’s ruling on patenting human genes affects DNA and cDNA:
In West Hollywood, dodgeball is part exercise, part socializing: 
"My wife's become an avid gym rat, and she inspires me" ~ @AndersonAnthony on how he stays in shape: 
Want your legs to look good in those shorts this summer? Try the triangle butt lift: 
The Supreme Court ruled this week that "naturally occurring" DNA can't be patented, but cDNA can. What that means:
It’s the weekend – time to splurge! OK, but be aware of what you eat. 10 tips for keeping a food journal: 
"Men are pressured to have as little fat as possible — but you've got to pretend like you don't watch what you eat":
Q&amp;A with actor @AndersonAnthony, who talks about being diagnosed with diabetes and how he’s staying fit now: 
RT @annagorman: California budget, if signed by Gov. Brown, expands Medi-Cal and restores dental benefits for Medi-Cal patients.
RT @DessertChic: Morning sprint/walk intervals. #latfit #strava
Eating disorders plague teenage boys, too: Survey shows a trend in L.A. that’s challenging old assumptions:
RT @annagorman: Former Secy of State Clinton @HillaryClinton launches a project to improve the health of U.S. children 0 -5.
Arizona is moving toward expanding Medicaid after GOP Gov. Jan Brewer defied others in her party to push it through:
RT @latimes: ICYMI: Medicare spent $112,000 per patient on end-of-life care in L.A., 60% more than the U.S. average
California's insurance commissioner wants to exclude Anthem from the health exchange for small businesses:
Don't just sit at your desk all day today – go for a walk with co-workers: 
FDA approves an immune-boosting drug to treat a rare bone condition:
Is today’s Supreme Court gene patent ruling a game changer for patients? Doctors weigh in:
RT @LATgreatreads: Who should be first in line for donated organs? 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan's transplant highlights ethical issues:
Scientists show how men's preference for younger women could have allowed menopause to spread.
Researchers hail today's Supreme Court decision on the BRCA gene patent, but there are still limitations:
RT @montemorin: Plan B emergency contraceptive pill battle: Confusion endures
RT @kurtissl: #10000steps #LATFIT June 12, 2013 - total steps 14,678 - aerobic steps 7,495 - Photo taken during walk
@nancylayton4 You
@nancylayton4 Thanks for sharing your
L.A. leads the nation in Medicare spending on end-of-life care: 
Analysts are surprised that Kaiser's Affordable Care Act rates aren't as affordable as expected: 
10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan got life-saving adult lungs this week. But her case highlights complex ethical questions:
Today’s Supreme Court ruling on patenting human genes means it will be easier for people to get BRCA testing:
Supreme Court rules that human genes can't be patented: 
How many steps do you take each day? Buy a pedometer and count them. More #healthtips from @renelynch --&gt; 
Who can get over-the-counter emergency contraceptives and what kind can they get? @montemorin on the Plan B confusion
Kaiser's Obamacare rates surprise analysts, who speculate on why the healthcare giant's premiums are so high:
So what’s going on with the morning-after pill? Legal battles make it confusing, but @montemorin breaks it down:
RT @annagorman: LA spends more than anywhere else on on end-of-life care. Tons of data and charts --
Soda size caps like NYC’s controversial large sugary drink ban would help kids cut calories, new study finds:
@nancylayton4 We're sorry to hear that. So you don't think more health research would be
RT @renelynch: Woot woot! New #LATFit recruit ‏@noellecarter is bringin' it! &gt; walked 14497 steps (This is YOUR invite: #JoinLATFit
Are traffic accidents a public health epidemic? Scientists say health researchers need to pay more attention to them:
Critically ill 10-year-old girl at the center of efforts to allow kids to get adult lungs gets a lung transplant:
RT @latimesscience: Think a hands-free device in your car makes you safer? New study says it’s dangerously distracting:
E-cigarettes will be classified and licensed as medication in Britain:
One scientist's concern: "If this gets unmanageable, people will just give up doing research."
Here's the full report on U.S. plan to classify chimps in captivity as endangered &amp; what it means for med research.
Some of those deaths are due to drunk drivers. Is this the reason?
And speaking of driver safety, guess what kills 1.2 million people worldwide each year?
Using a hands-free phone doesn't make it safe to dial while driving.
Some Obamacare supporters who say Calif. premiums are too high are pushing for a ballot measure to regulate rates:
@buddydecker187 Glad they're
Need motivation to work out? Put $5 in a jar every time you exercise. 51 more #healthtips --&gt; 
Physical education teacher M. Jeanne Bartelt, who was instrumental revising California PE standards, has died at 89:
RT @latimesscience: How can soccer players avoid brain injury? Keep a "head count," new study suggests:
Should designated drivers abstain from booze? New study finds 35% of them drank while on duty:
That is some #LATFit multitasking, my friend: MRT @brigettebrugada Standing... in the shower... tweeting. Made it thru my Tuesday
#LATFit nation has its newest recruit: @lacrepat + her new #fitbit!... This is your invite to join us as we all try to #MoveMore
Appeals court judges appeared skeptical of the scientific basis for NYC’s large sugary drink ban at a hearing today:
Is it the right time to cut funds for California's insurance program for low-income residents? Some lawmakers say no:
@buddydecker187 Thanks for
Study: Most public elementary schools don't regulate kids' access to junk food: 
RT @annagorman: Social Media being used to track obesity .. what does your account signal about Your weight?
RT @DessertChic: Went for a 16.4 mile ride. Fought some crazy wind and rain. Great ride! #latfit #cycling 
RT @KPCC: Check out KPCC's searchable database of California health care costs listed by hospital 
Obama admin. reverses course on sales of the morning-after pill, but that doesn't mean the legal battles are over:
Is your designated driver drunk? New study finds that 35% of DDs drank on duty:
Calif. doctors brace for Medi-Cal cuts just as more people prepare to join the program under the new healthcare law:
RT @LATgreatreads: "I wouldn't want to change a thing": Autistic author Temple Grandin sees the positive side of her disorder
RT @latimes: Prices for generic prescription meds are all over the map, depending on where, how they're bought @Davidlaz writes
"Pretend you're the Terminator and someone is standing between you and your workout": 1 of our 52 #healthtips 
Southern California hospital executives explore ways to improve healthcare for homeless patients:
In reversal, federal government says it will comply with order to make the morning-after pill more widely available:
Study: If doctors were more careful about ordering CT scans for kids, it would prevent about 3,020 cancers each year:
@annagorman Sure thing! Great
Coordinating physical and mental health treatments can be challenging for clinics–latest in a series by @annagorman:
What are you eating today? Keeping a food journal can help you lose weight. 10 tips to get you started: 
RT @annagorman: Hospitals from throughout Southern CA are talking about best practices, avoiding litigation and improving outpatient care
RT @annagorman: Years after hospital dumping scandal, @PublicCounsel convened an interesting meeting today about ways to reduce
New study finds that low blood sugar in some diabetics is linked to dementia risk in "a vicious cycle":
Federal healthcare law encourages coordination of mental and physical treatments. How it’s working at one L.A. clinic
Treating cancer can be expensive, but there are resources that can help lower costs. Here's a guide:
RT @annagorman: Next in my series about community clinics. This one about mental heatlh. 
Start the work week off right: Here are 17 easy ways to keep active during the day: 
10 tips for keeping a food journal: 
@citygirlbites Glad we could
The kettle bell swing helps develop your hamstrings, glutes and quadriceps – here’s how to do it: 
Not sure which sunscreen to buy this summer? New labeling regulations should help – here’s what they mean:
Want to look good in that bikini this summer? Try these hip twists to define your waist: 
Follow @mmacvean for live updates from the @BASIPilates conference this weekend. #exercise #pilates
Town hall today taught L.A. residents about healthcare coverage – what they asked and what they learned:
Colonoscopy ick factor: 3 in 20 of the instruments inserted in people's rectums have “biological dirt” on them:
RT @LANow: Town Hall at @CalStateLA explains healthcare reform to Los Angeles residents
RT @KQEDhealth: VIDEO: President Obama's full remarks (10 mins) on the health law this morning in San Jose. 
RT @latimesscience: New study finds that obese patients are more likely to trust diet advice from heavy doctors:
Two rulings that give dying children the chance to get adult lungs spark a debate on transplants:
Bill Clinton to California: Help the federal healthcare law work by making it work in the state: 
RT @latimesscience: #FF: Get to know the people who write our stories – follow our health and science reporters:
Here's another reason to feel nervous about your colonoscopy.
RT @annagorman: .@billclinton says in LA about healthcare reform: "If this works in California, eventually America will follow your
RT @mmacvean: .#LATFit, @wholebodymethod, I'll be live-tweeting from @BASIPilates Sat. And Sun, free mat class on @livestream:
Obama is citing California to tout his healthcare law. But what does it mean for you? Here’s info on @CoveredCA: 
@pacificdptweet
In a speech in San Jose today, Obama held up Calif. as an example of how his healthcare law will help consumers: 
RT @markknoller: Pres. says competition and choice under ObamaCare in California pushing down the costs of health insurance
RT @ReutersPolitics: LIVE: President Obama gives remarks about the Affordable Care Act
Obama is talking in San Jose today about healthcare reform. Here's @NoamLevey's preview:
Aspirin in a keychain packet could save your life in the event of a heart attack: 
FDA panel votes to keep the diabetes drug Avandia on the market with a slate of restrictions on its use:
New report says the federal healthcare law led to $2.1 billion in savings for consumers last year: 
RT @latimesscience: How did birds lose their penises? The answer may offer clues about the biology behind birth defects:
The federal healthcare law is spurring a hiring blitz: 
Judge’s order gives a 10-year-old girl a chance at a life-saving lung transplant:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: How about this: Ireland restricts advertising of food that's ACTUALLY bad for you. via @marionnestle
We’re more than halfway through 2013 – how are your resolutions coming? Here are 52 ways to be healthier: 
Nearly 4 million babies were born in the U.S. in 2012, CDC says: 
RT @MyLastBite: It's been 6 months since I strapped on a cheap #pedometer after reading 
Californians can breathe easier: The state’s smog is in retreat even though there are more people and cars:
RT @renownhealth: 4 inventive workout basics from @latimeshealth
RT @latimesscience: When, where, how and why are people injured by guns? Newtown sparks revival of this area of research:
Can PTSD be prevented? Research offers hope for preventative treatment for people who experience trauma:
Is the diabetes drug Avandia safe? FDA panel reviewing restrictions on it:
Challenge your brain tonight – here are links to some brain teasers you can try: 
Advisory panel reviewing restrictions on the diabetes drug Avandia after the FDA issued warnings about it in 2010:
RT @latimesmost: Yoga poses and stretches
RT @latimesscience: More people and more cars in California don’t mean more smog – new research says it’s actually in retreat:
Officials from L.A. fear disrupted health coverage for patients who receive both Medicare and Medi-Cal:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Could this make it easier for older women to get pregnant? @LATmelissahealy explains.
A South L.A. doctor is accused of sexually assaulting patients in his office:
RT @lisagirion: CA Med Board, under fire, seeks new direction and new director.
Ladies, worried about infertility as you age? A new way to rejuvenate human eggs might be able to help:
New study finds that four healthy behaviors can dramatically reduce the chance of death:
Want to define your waist and strengthen your core? Try these hip twists: 
RT @latimesscience: EPA: Federal government must spend at least $384B to ensure safe delivery of drinking water for the next 20 years:
Ken Burns, who lost his mom to cancer when he was 11, will make a documentary about the disease:
Want to reduce your chance of death by 80% over 8 years? Don't smoke. Eat a Mediterranean diet. Stay slim. Exercise:
@HilaryL16 @kylaigoe Ha, we can
@HilaryL16 @kylaigoe Do you think you'd use
.@latimesopinion's Carla Hall calls for nap rooms at work to help sleep-deprived Americans: 
RT @latimesmoneyco: Betty Ford Center pursues alliance with Minnesota treatment group
RT @annagorman: Wow! Super comprehensive explainer on healthcare reform. @KQED. Obamacare Explained: A Guide for Californians
Medical Board of California, which is under pressure to reform, announces the retirement of its executive director:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: It's good to be vegetarian, but it's more important to limit added sugar, refined grains, saturated fat, etc.
Does being a vegetarian help you live longer? New study suggests the answer could be yes: 
RT @AliceShort3: Destroy your brain cells in a past life? a little mind fitness might be in order
Want to slow the signs of aging? Scientists say using sunscreen daily can help – even into middle age:
"Prescriptions" for produce: L.A. health center has produce stands to make fresh food available and affordable:
RT @latimesscience: Synchronized hyperactive brain cells could be an early indicator of autism, researchers find:
Keep your brain fit by going out of your comfort zone. "The brain responds to challenge, not to comfort": 
Don’t forget the sunscreen before you head out the door today! Using it daily can help slow signs of aging:
What to make of what Michael Douglas said caused his throat cancer: 
This temporary “tattoo” may help if a child is lost: 
The field of brain fitness has spawned a number of online brain-training games. But do they work?
RT @Marnionhealth: YAY! A good habit I have had for years! @latimeshealth: sunscreen slows signs of aging, researchers report.
It's not too late for sunscreen to help slow signs of aging, researchers report.
RT @latimesscience: Scientists to Americans: Stop worrying about the health effects of eating fish affected by Fukushima:
New survey finds that stress and anxiety are why many Americans don’t get enough sleep: 
RT @latimesfood: Frozen berries sold at Costco linked to 30 cases of Hepatitis A
ICYMI: Brain wave study on autistic 2-year-olds’ responses to words sheds light on autism among toddlers:
RT @LATkarenkaplan: DNA case makes for strange bedfellows at SCOTUS: Ginsberg, Sotomayor, Kagan join Scalia's dissent.
RT @mmacvean: Playing computer games helps brain fitness:
One of Medicare's most-wanted fugitives, who billed $2.1 million in false claims, is arrested in L.A.:
Will young people buy the insurance required by the healthcare law? That’s a challenge officials are facing:
TGIF! Stretch it out tonight with this move for back, chest and shoulders. 
RT @latimesscience: A chemical found in marijuana helped prevent brain damage in mice.
RT @latimesscience: Bobcat trapping up 800% in Joshua Tree National Park. Now, California Assembly approves bill to counter it.
More details emerge about mysterious and diabolical Middle East virus.
RT @latimesscience: Europeans are living longer and healthier lives than ever.
RT @mmacvean: Think kids' sports are taking over your life? Here's some great input:
Stand, fidget, pace, dance, whatever, while you watch TV. But no sitting. 
#FDA approves new drugs to treat advanced/inoperable #melanoma.
New study examines genetic material of kids born before and after mom's weight loss surgery. Big difference!
RT @LATerynbrown: Time for a new approach to controlling MRSA superbug? @DrFriedenCDC chimes in on new @nejm study. cc @tmvasich
More on the microbiome! Gut microbes again linked to diabetes -- but geography matters.
Feeling stiff in the afternoon? Make like a cat and stretch out your spine. 
New study finds many of us lie about our sexual history, but men and women lie in different ways.
Don't make hump day slump day: 17 easy ways to keep active during the day: 
What’s going on with stem cell research in California? @pattmlatimes talks to @CIRMnews' Alan Trounson: 
California Senate approves a measure that would allow nurse practitioners to have stand-alone primary care practices:
RT @KP_LAMC: Cool ideas to get moving in #LA: @latimeshealth "17 ways to fight the inertia, step by step"
Doctors at Atascadero State Hospital say they are so short-staffed that patient care and worker safety are at risk:
RT @mmacvean: Dr. replied to our 17 ways to move 
RT @nytimeshealth: Fact: Canned vegetables may not be worse than fresh produce.
Supreme Court deals a setback to the campaign of abortion opponents to “defund” Planned Parenthood:
Health tip: For one day, don’t send email to your colleagues. Get up and say what you've got to say in person:
Can your office furniture help you lose weight? Maybe, if you do it right:
@Marsha_isms @latimes @laterynbrown Thanks for pointing that out! We fixed the story:
New federal home care rules could disrupt a government program used by 450,000 elderly and disabled Californians:
Are you hands-on when it comes to your medical decisions? New survey says it might be costing you money:
Aunt of Angelina Jolie who carried the same gene mutation as the actress dies of breast cancer at age 61:
RT @mmacvean: From someone with #celiac, a clear accounting of what it's like:
What are you doing on this Memorial Day? Want to stay active? Here are 17 easy ways to get up and move: 
RT @latimesscience: Mouse-proofing Yosemite lodging seems to be keeping a rodent-borne illness that killed three people last year at bay:
Is sitting the new smoking? One doctor says that "the chair is out to kill us":
Four inventive workout basics that can help you upgrade performance as well as recover from it:
@getwellbe Glad to hear it. Thank
"I haven't eaten a bite of food in 30 days, and it's changed my life": Man lives on liquid goo he invented:
California got better-than-expected insurance rates for its state-run market – how it breaks down in SoCal:
Downside for many consumers under California's insurance market will be fewer doctors and hospitals to choose from:
"Sitting is the new smoking." ~ Dr. Anup Kanodia:
Plan to work out this Memorial Day weekend? Here are some exercises you can try: 
L.A. Walks: Gates reopen for Lake Hollywood strolls
Fighting fat through furniture design
Don't just sit there. Really.
5 Questions: TV producer Arthur Smith keeps his 'Kitchens' in balance
Gear: Four inventive workout basics
Students should get an hour a day of “vigorous or moderate-intensity” exercise, new report recommends: 
New essay challenges the idea that blood donors shouldn't be paid: 
@ginic87 If breaks don't seem possible, consider a standing
@kmcappello Yes, but you're not
"The chair is out to kill us": What scientists have learned about why sitting is bad for our health:
RT @mmacvean: Healthy? You decide: Man stops eating food, lives on liquid goo he calls Soylent.
Calif. will have 19 regions in its insurance market – how Southern California ranks in price: 
RT @latimesscience: Would a free vacation day entice you to donate blood? How about a lottery ticket?
How much do you know about healthcare costs and the federal healthcare law? Test your knowledge with this quiz:
Man invents a foodless mixture of vitamins and minerals he calls Soylent: 
RT @latimes: Lazarus on Obamacare: If this health plan is 'socialism,' we need more of it
RT @LATdatadesk: Document: California Covered health plans
What Californians can expect to pay for health coverage in the state's new insurance exchange:
Not a fan of push-ups? Try this instead --&gt; 
Leading cause of death during Superstorm #Sandy was drowning, new CDC report says:
An ominous sign: H7N9 bird flu can pass between mammals, scientists say.
Drowning and trauma from being cut, crushed or struck were the primary causes of death in Superstorm Sandy, CDC says.
California says it's selected 13 health plans for a new state-run insurance market – see what it means for you:
L.A.’s new law limiting medical marijuana shops could face legal challenges:
Have Qs about cooking and eating #gluten-free? Join our conversation with cookbook author @KristineKidd at 11am PDT:
UnitedHealth, Aetna, Cigna opting out of Calif.'s insurance exchange, which could mean limited choice for millions:
Need a quick workout that builds strength? This twist on a medicine ball squat helps build legs, core and shoulders:
What the DSM-5 means for people on the autism spectrum: 
Some big insurers aren't participating in Calif.’s health insurance exchange: 
New anti-tobacco campaign urges smokers to ask their doctors for help in quitting:
FDA panel backs a new sleep drug called suvorexant: 
RT @LATkarenkaplan: Most parents have no idea when their kids take ADHD drugs to study.
Voters approve a measure to sharply limit the number of medical marijuana dispensaries in L.A.: 
Amid the UC healthcare workers' strike, most union members reported for work, officials say:
RT @latimesscience: You probably have 100 types of fungi living on your feet, study finds. Sounds gross, but it might not be a bad thing:
Doctor with a son who was afraid of shots invents a device to help reduce the pain of injections: 
Trying to get in shape for summer? This popular CrossFit move will help strengthen your entire core:
RT @ColumbiaPsych: #Ketamine study presented at #APAAM13 is a potential rescue drug for depression 
The second and final day of the UC healthcare workers' strike is underway:
Lifted weights lately? Probably not -- new report says lack of strength training is the most common U.S. health vice:
It’s finals season: Are you concerned about your teens’ use of study drugs?
Finally, researchers show that more PE means less childhood obesity. By @mmacvean
Going gluten free? @latimesfood puts gluten-free flours to the test using a pound cake recipe:
150 surgeries canceled at UC San Francisco Medical Center because of the patient-care workers' strike:
"Twilight drug" Ketamine, which is used to sedate patients, can be effective as an antidepressant, new study shows:
Court ruling limits number of UC patient care workers on strike: 
.@annagorman talks to patient care workers on the picket line at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center:
RT @annagorman: Patient care workers at UCLA begin a two-day strike.
Officials: Walkout of UC patient care workers that began today could cost the system's medical centers up to $20M:
A schoolmate's suicide is associated with thinking about or trying suicide among teenagers, new study finds:
Is there a birth control double standard? Op-ed from @MegWClayton on Plan B and condoms:
Getting married or divorced, having children or taking a second job could mean a gap in health coverage next year:
Boys with ADHD more likely to grow up to be men with high BMIs, study finds
RT @latimes: Vermont governor signs 'death with dignity' measure
Opposition to Medicaid expansion is likely to widen the divide between the nation's healthiest and sickest states:
Gluten-free hard candy? Yep, it’s one product that’s made the gluten-free claim over the past year:
RT @annagorman: Looking at broader community health in Oregon by @ezraklein. MT Is the future of American health care in Oregon?
When the healthcare law takes full effect, common life events could mean gaps in medical coverage for millions:
DSM-5 is here, but not without already creating controversy: 
Going gluten-free is more common, but for those with celiac disease, maintaining a strict diet still poses challenges
Welcome to Camp Wannabe a Kidagin
Resources for celiac disease
What is gluten? And other frequently asked questions about gluten
Going gluten-free more common, but not necessarily easier
Travis Stork of 'The Doctors'
Gluten-free cake options
RT @latimesscience: Two in 25 adolescents are considered to be in persistent mental distress, a new study finds:
Facing a possible strike, UC medical centers are canceling elective surgeries: 
Swimmers, you have been put on notice! Ewwww -- poop in pools more common than you may think, CDC warns
As if military service weren't hard enough already: Are multiple concussions driving suicides in the military?
Researchers explain why you're more likely to turn to “I Knew You Were Trouble” than “Call Me Maybe” after a breakup.
Why would Angelina Jolie opt for such a drastic surgery? @annagorman has been there, and she shares her perspective.
The double mastectomy Angelina Jolie had is appropriate for only a small segment of women, doctors say.
We're shocked, shocked! Restaurant meals overloaded with salt, fat, calories, study says
Leeza Gibbons on her role as mom
The world through a newborn's senses
The right medicine for building muscles and saving time
Clip-in bicycle shoes to keep the pedals turning
A map, a compass and your wits: the sport of orienteering
Rocking your way to stronger abs
'Big C' consultant Dr. Vijay Trisal
Two studies examine why people drink -- and why it's hard for some people to stop.
Added sugar accounts for about 13% of calories consumed by American adults.
FDA approves a drug to reverse anticoagulation
The latest in popular ellipticals
The world within Vanessa Williams
Of course you're stressed. Just look at you.
Pole art popularity outstrips its origins
Necomimi cat ears that move to your meow moods
'Biggest Loser' launches contestant search
Alice Waters, school officials talk teaching with food
Government shuts down HIV/AIDS vaccine trial
Spending teenage years in the 'stroke belt' seems to increase risk
Physicians debate whether patients need to know they're dying
China's H7N9 bird flu death toll likely to rise
FDA's counterfeit detection device takes global aim at malaria
Bay Area air pollution reaches Devils Postpile National Monument
Epilepsy drug in pregnancy linked to baby's higher autism risk
I'll have to exercise for HOW LONG to work that off?
College binge drinking raises risk of heart disease
The FDA wants you!
Pot in a pill: All the pain relief without the smoke
Could screening prevent suicides? Not enough evidence, says panel
Scientists explore mystery of a psychedelic HIV/AIDS drug
Paul Stanley, from 'chunky' kid to fit KISS rocker
Skeptics weigh in as doctor details his belief in an afterlife, or at least a sequel
Bikers will cruise Venice Boulevard for Sunday's CicLAvia
Set a goal but didn't follow through? Tips to resetting habits
Iobella offers oxygen, heat and electricity, for a price
Santa Monica Beach, with a power-up option
Study: Hookah no safer than cigarettes, just differently dangerous
Sparse crop of new antibiotics confronts 'nightmare bacteria'
Food-borne illness linked to poultry, seafood on the rise
Freeway air pollution travels farther in early morning
Abuse-resistant OxyContin will be only version available: FDA
Our dogs and our kids bind us (and our microbiomes) together
FDA chief vows to get 'aggressive' with compounding pharmacies
Mindful meditation could help you get through the madness
Heart attack, stroke not enough to prompt some people to shape up
Video chat: Meditation coach Mark Coleman on mind-calming techniques
Beer's taste, sans alcoholic effect, triggers dopamine in brain
Can a company patent your DNA? Supreme Court hears BRCA gene case
Michael Mosley puts his health to many tests
Yoga might help boost mental health
Yoga has more to offer than traditional classes
Let these new bike helmets go to your head
Cassey Ho's triangle lift sculpts the lower body
FDA finds mold, other contaminants at some drug compounders
You lookin' at me? (The answer may surprise you)
Doctors describe "death with dignity" program for cancer patients
School meal standards may help students maintain weight
Small dishes mean less food for kids, study says
French wine could get pricey, climate change study says
Living near traffic linked to increased cancer risk in children
Study identifies genes linked to Alzheimer's in African Americans
Last chance to weigh in on feds' proposed rules on school snacks
FDA approves an old drug for morning sickness
Margaret Thatcher's dementia: cause of death or unrelated factor?
Red meat and heart disease link: Not all about the fat?
Even after melanoma, some people keep on using tanning beds
Watch it live: The science of a healthful diet explained
Ways to help you find your best self [Live video chat]
RT @latimes: Live now: Video chat with @MarielHemingway on ways to help you find your best self
Jackie Joyner-Kersee on family health
Aspirin in a keychain packet could save life
Food as medicine? What to make of the claims.
Mariel Hemingway urges change to help others find a personal best
Try This: 'Elephant ears' massage helps kids perk up
ElliptiFit adds a fun spin to workouts
Botulism risk prompts recall of Little Mermaid herring
Teen contraception decision: Doctors say science trumps politics
Plan B must be available to all without a prescription, judge rules
NYC's failed cap on sugary drinks prompts soul-searching
Rich Products expands recall amid E. Coli outbreak
More Americans are living together before marriage, study finds
A sleep drug that doesn't fog the brain?
Diagnosis could make parents want to medicate baby, study says
Dementia care costs more than treating heart disease or cancer
Volunteers wanted for cancer research
Another vaccine fails to prevent staph infections, study finds
Publix Super Markets recalls fruit and grain salad
Obama's BRAIN Initiative to cost far less than Human Genome Project
Rate of repeat births among teen mothers is down, CDC reports
Milk allergy alert and recall issued for NuGO nondairy bars
Undisclosed soy prompts recall by Lisy Corp.
Possible E. coli contamination spurs Farm Rich products recall
Nicotine replacement: safe, even if you still smoke, says FDA
Study says: Financial reward + competition = More weight loss
Reaction to leg break in NCAA tournament rooted in evolution?
Not every woman should get the BRCA gene test, U.S. task force says
American teens getting early start on heart disease risk, survey says
Hey @MmaltaisLAT... I sense two new #LATFit recruits &gt; @akorage @jessicanaziri Am I
We beg to differ... that's a big 'ol dent! RT @mmacvean Ran 5 miles this morning, but after yesterday, it's just a small dent.
RT @renelynch: Your #LATFit nickname: Planking Goddess: MRT @dailygluttony Q: WHO JUST PLANKED FOR 5 MIN.? A: THIS GIRL! 
Pls. join #LATFit, your daily #SM fitness nudge! How? Just walk, run, hoola hoop, etc. + post results @Twitter / @Instagram with #LATFit
Your #LATFit nickname is Timex. 'Cause I can set my watch by you: RT ‏@brigettebrugada Slim in 6 &amp; Slim in 6 Pack #exercise
Chicken pox vaccine effective over long term, Kaiser study finds
Deaths tied to painkillers rising in the U.S.
Dear meditation diary: From doubtful to mindful
Yes, even you can meditate
Mindfulness meditation: It may be essential, but, boy, it isn't easy
Vocabulary refresher course in the language of mindfulness meditation
Meditation resources to help you on your journey
Getting real will get you results, trainer says
Watts up with electric bikes?
A semi-serpent-style push-up
Buffalo Trace Distillery recalls sauces over allergen mislabling
Kids' menus are not healthy, nutrition group says
Some #LATFit-ers opt for #Crossfit: MRT @bfisher_qsi I'm really good at toes-to-bar ~ #CrossFit open workout 13.4.
We hearby recruit Ben into #LATFit! MRT @tboucherLA Tx to Ben for #walking w me #latfit 
YAY! RT @kurtissl: #10000steps for 3/27/2013 total steps 11,143 - aerobic steps 8688
Need an excuse to join #LATFit? April 3 is @American_Heart's National #Walk Day! Get walking + post ur daily stroll w #LATFit so we can
Do companies that refuse to hire smokers help them or harm them?
@arashshirazi Does this mean we can recruit you into
@mylastbite Whatever it takes...
The Mayor of #LATFit + @LAFitness &gt; MRT @MyLastBite Just a tad sluggish... But I WILL GET my 6 miles done!
FDA clears the way for a pill for multiple sclerosis
A new drug shows promise of hepatitis C cure
Nearly 18 million Americans will be cancer survivors in 2022
Bacteria may provide some of gastric bypass surgery's boost
Workplaces can be good weight-loss sites, researchers say
Food deserts may not be key in what people eat, study says
WHO confirms 2 new coronavirus deaths. What is coronavirus?
Chelation for heart disease: Positive findings don't sway critics
Alert #LATFit nation -- this may be a first: MRT @brigettebrugada #HulaHooping to... Neil Young 
RT @kyoshino: Thanks @GwilymMcGrew for the link. Walking 30 min a day can lengthen your life! 
Undeclared walnuts prompt recall of coffee cake
Join #LATFit today! It's simple: Just get #walking / #moving! Post results via Twitter + Instagram so we can all draft off your
Fate of same-sex marriage cases likely to influence public health
Which is worse, isolation or loneliness?
Too many babies start eating solid foods too soon, CDC study says
Infections might sap brainpower, study indicates
Temporary tattoos can cause long-lasting allergic reactions: FDA
Just 88 days to summer so join #LATFit 2day. Rules are easy: Just get #walking / #moving! Post your results to keep us all
An #LATFit start to the week! RT @brigettebrugada #HulaHooping to Put Your Records On 
RT @brigettebrugada: Slim in 6 &amp; Slim in 6 Pack #exercise
As u inspire us! MRT @bfisher_qsi "We all give more in presence of others" Couldn't have hit 100 wall balls w/o 'em #LATFit
Getting an #LATFit start to the weekend: MRT @lucylean: walked 3 Pigs Runyon
Boxer Wladimir Klitschko on training, diet and sibling rivalry
Julie Weiss reaches goal of 52 marathons in 1 year
Anger issue: When phone goes from mobile to aerial
Follow the winding path at Elysian Park
Top new workout DVDs
FDA aims to change the way it monitors safety of defibrillators
Warning: Excessive tea drinking can be hazardous to your health
Another nationwide recall of compounded medication
Dr. Oz insomnia remedy results in third-degree burns, viewer says
New guidelines: Labs should report 'accidental' genetic disease risk
Pediatricians' group: gay marriage fosters child health
La Preferida voluntarily recalls canned pinto beans, FDA says
Undisclosed soy prompts voluntary recall, FDA says
Engineered T-cell therapy offers hope to adult leukemia patients
Patients should decide what the end of life is like, study says
Allergy alert issued for soybean paste, FDA says
Genetically engineered tomato mimics good cholesterol
Mastering emotions by sharpening memory? It just might work
Rebates motivate shoppers to buy produce, whole grains, study says
UCLA-led team predicts China, Egypt could be new-flu hot spots
Aah-choo! Is it allergy season already?
U.S. panel: Wait on anthrax vaccine testing for kids
'Brazilians,' other forms of pubic hair removal may carry risk
FDA experts cast doubt on heart device's readiness
From teens' sleeping brains, the sound of growing maturity
Studying drug-resistant HIV in Los Angeles County
FDA issues salmonella warning for ProtiDiet protein bars
Concussion suspected? You'rrrre outta the game, neurologists urge
Low-fat milk doesn't help toddlers' weight, study says
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day? Here's why you've got a hangover.
Many parents say no to HPV vaccine, but other vaccination's up: study
We took a vote, and the answer is "You Rule" @bfisher_qsi! #crossfit
This is what we call #LATFit balance: MRT: Salivation_Army Today's steps -- 7804. Now on to Tomb Raider!
Wanna join #LATFit? Great! Just do one healthy thing a day and share it using the hashtag. We all need the #inspiration +
Our #LATFit energizer bunny &gt; RT @brigettebrugada Bounce-Bounce-Bounce! Slim in 6 &amp; Slim in 6 Pack
Week is off to a *great* start: MRT @LucyLean Glorious morning walk #LATFit #Fryman
L.A. runner to mark 52nd marathon in a year to fight cancer
Natural Products Expo lays out the latest, with an emphasis on what's real and what's absent
USC doctors give advice for marathon
Alzheimer's drug developers to get new FDA marching orders
'Functional cure' for HIV linked to early drug treatment
Match Day 2013 results are good for future internal-medicine patients
Knot Yet: Getting married later can have economic costs, benefits
'Sugar-free' baked goods, with sugar? What is a dieter to do?
Recipient of transplanted rabies-infected organ dies
FDA to probe new diabetes drugs, precancerous changes in pancreas
American drivers text more than European motorists
Pope Francis has only one lung. Is it enough?
Key West health officer responds to CDC dengue report
Prescribing ADHD drugs for healthy kids? Just say no, group urges
Breast cancer, radiation therapy and heart disease: the risks
Should family members watch as their dying loved ones get CPR?
Nursing longer doesn't protect against obesity, study says
Searching for the tapeworm's Achilles' heel
Mosquito-borne dengue virus lands in Key West
Smokers are better off quitting, even though they'll gain weight
FDA warns heart patients of risk from a second antibiotic
Scanning mummies for heart disease 'about as fun as it can get'
Patient awareness during surgery is rare, physicians report
USC doctors offer advice for L.A. Marathon runners
Concussions: Even one can change the brain, study finds
Microbe vs. microbe: Sharing bacteria at the roller derby
For frustrated bad boys, violent video games become more alluring
Men in same-sex marriages living longer, study says
You may be smart if you 'like' Mozart and curly fries on Facebook
Alzheimer's drug add-on brings some memory improvement
Magnet swallowing a potentially deadly threat to children, study says
Ask doctors today about running the L.A. Marathon
Change to daylight saving time takes biggest health toll today
Runners won't fade but colors will run
Heel pain 'epidemic,' but doctors show steps to deal with plantar fasciitis
Try This: The skull crusher, for toned triceps
Gear: These rackets give backhanded — and forehanded — compliments
Struggle to adjust to daylight saving? It's not just you.
For news and tidbits from the @NaturalProductsExpo today in Anaheim, follow Mind &amp; Body editor Mary MacVean (@mmacvean)
Meat Institute finds fault with study on red meat consumption
Another study finds association between red meat and disease
More gun laws reduce violent deaths. Or do they?
Researchers find chemical secret to recapturing youthful brain
Food memories may aid weight loss, researchers say
Cellphones shouldn't be able to work in moving cars, experts say
CDC: Deadly, drug-defying CRE bacteria on rise in U.S. hospitals
Goggles-and-laptop device might help detect some strokes
Wait a minute: Is that patient really unconscious?
Americans want government to promote good health -- sometimes
.@yumivore hits the great outdoors for her #LATFit #motivation &gt; 
YAY! We're coming over for a free class!"-) MRT @Rasta1619 ordered a pilates reformer. It's gettin' serious up in here!
Reader health tip: Clean up while you firm up
Exercise class welcomes dogs too
Brave new whirl: Juices can pack power, and so can the machines that make them
Dorothy Hamill on skating and regaining strength
Try This: A graceful stretch to the tips of the fingers
Study: The health benefits of pessimism
Study: A day of video games tops a year of therapy for dyslexic readers
Sexting prevalent among minority teens, study finds
Fukushima nuclear disaster adds only small health risks, WHO says
Don't put that controller down -- Nintendo Wii trains future surgeons
In poll, 61% of doctors say mammograms should be less frequent
Gay and cohabiting? Straight and married? It could affect your health
Face transplant recipient 'in great spirits' after operation
In many patients, diagnostic testing isn't reassuring after all
Calcium, vitamin D pills don't prevent fractures, panel says
FDA approves a pill for post-menopausal sex problems
'Crunch time' poll: Parents don't recognize kids are overweight
Mediterranean diet, with olive oil and nuts, beats low-fat diet
'Crunch time' poll: Parents don't recognize kids are overweight
Teens who volunteered reduced their heart disease risk, study says
Mediterranean diet, with olive oil and nuts, beats low-fat diet
Canada's universal healthcare may not be so 'universal' after all
Gear: Up to speed on latest running shoes
L.A. Walks: Sepulveda Dam Recreation Area waterfowl viewing
How your skin can survive winter beautifully
5 Questions: Dr. Dean Ornish on the power of mindful choices
Try This: The humming breath, a virtual hug for kids
Are only children to blame for the obesity crisis?
Doctors debate telling patients to smoke marijuana
Telomere length linked to catching a cold in preliminary study
Cooking up toxic air pollution
Acupuncture helped allergies -- a little, study says
Fatal drug overdoses in U.S. increase for 11th consecutive year
Intensive care MDs: More white coats, fewer piercings preferred
Doctors who cook say they give better nutrition advice
Does childhood TV viewing lead to criminal behavior?
Is Jillian Michaels growing soft?
Tips for ski season injury prevention
Bet you can't read this as fast as your friend can
5 Questions: Charlie Lustman, not silent, not a victim
Try This: Prone hamstring curl tones legs
FDA OKs device that helps improve vision lost to retinal disease
California voters say soda can make you fat
GPA can be contagious among high school students, study finds
Nutrition group petitions for federal regulation of sugary drinks
Some plastics should be classified as hazardous, scientists say
Praise the action to raise problem-solvers, researchers say
USC research on cold sensitivity could help control pain in future
Cutting salt saves lives? Yes. No. Maybe.
Folic acid linked to reduced risk of autism spectrum disorders
Cutting salt could save hundreds of thousands of lives, study says
Psi Bands are a wearable way to settle your stomach
Vital statistics: Teen pregnancy fell to 'historic low' in 2011
@saucela Join us! Just Tweet / Instagram whatever you do today to make a healthier
RT @renelynch: Half a slim is better than no slim at all, slap yourself on the back! &gt; MRT @brigettebrugada Drats. Overslept... 1/2 S
You have 324 days to make your NYE resolution a reality. Today's inspiration: 
5 Questions: Apolo Anton Ohno now making strides against asthma
Reader health tip: No cocktail before 10,000 steps
Heartbreak can take a physical toll
Gear: Home gyms don't have to take up a lot of room
Try This: The scorpion reach to open up the hips
Despite claims, Girl Scouts' Mango Creme cookies aren't health food
Manhunt: How long could Dorner survive in the cold?
Traditional Southern diet, stroke may be linked, researcher says
Breastfeeding is on the rise in America, CDC says
Cutting calories is good business for restaurants, study says
Older motorcyclist suffer greater injury in crashes, study says
More mammograms mean more problems for older women, study finds
Heavy drinking, 'incompatible' drinking tied to divorce, study says
Supplements we take mostly not ordered by doctors, study says
Racial gaps remain in cancer rates
Pediatricians should talk to kids about energy drinks and alcohol
Baby boomers may live longer, but their elders were healthier
Prairie blindness? Blame meningitis.
Sperm count low among couch potatoes, study finds
Range of clues, not just DNA, indicates bones are Richard III's
Our #LATFit queen! RT @MyLastBite #Everyday (@ LA Fitness)
Fitness experts look at those core beliefs
Gear: Bike lights for a safe ride
5 Questions: Diet advice that goes against the grain
Binge drinking's metabolic whack starts in the head
Fourth-grader's experiment involving cocaine earns science award
Survey finds strong support for gun control, more mental healthcare
Doctors feel your pain and want to make it better, study indicates
Diet myth-busters: Experts burst some bubbles about losing weight
Pretend superhero powers boost helpfulness in real life
RT @brigettebrugada: #LATFit MT @FlTNESS How many times have you said, "I'll start tomorrow"? Remove that phrase from your mind and just
Taco Bell pulls party ad critics called an attack on vegetables
Husbands who share in housework have less sex, study finds
Immune response, nerve growth top concerns in double arm transplant
Adult non-flu vaccination levels 'unacceptably low,' CDC says
Late-night snacker? Watch when you eat, researchers say
Straight men more stressed, depressed than gay men, study says
CDC: U.S. not on track to reach 2020 goal for lower smoking rates
Let the gym come to you with these fitness sites
L.A. becoming more bike friendly, thanks partly to the mayor's elbow
Try This: The shoelace, a yin yoga back reliever
5 Questions: Byron Hurt seeks a soul food renewal
California stem cell agency proposes change after critical report
NAACP catches heat for opposing New York large-soda ban
Emergency room visits for ADHD medications rise sharply, report says
Gap widens between actual weight and people's imagined weight
Hearing loss, cognitive decline associated in older people, study says
Try smaller bites, sips to eat less
ADHD on rise among minority, high-income families
Many seek acute care within month of hospital release, study says
Study finds chronic brain damage in retired football players
When does your brain tell you to 'take five'?
Researchers: Get some sleep, and your partner will thank you
Traces of melamine from dinnerware can seep into food, study says
Pretty sure @DadManRunning tops #PedometerWar leader boards with: 
RT @renelynch: MRT ‏@mmaltaisLAT Foot feat: Apparently since I started wearing my @FitBit this month, I've walked at least 50 miles #LAT
That's it, Brigette! MRT @brigettebrugada Someday going to hit 10,000! Most steps are desk ~&gt; coffee #LATFit
RT @renelynch: YAY Jennifer!!! Thanks for this inspiring weekend kickoff: RT @MirInLA 80 minutes of exercise in 3 days. #LATFit #persona
Lifesize weight-control system takes measure of portion control
Hermon Park to views in Debs Park near downtown
Spearfishing off Catalina Island combines the surf and the hunt
5 Questions: JWoww, after the party's over
Try This: The Superman, for a strong back
Geneticist on DNA privacy: Make it so people don't care
'Immunize, immunize!': Doctors counter doubts about flu vaccines
Crack FDA team deployed to make sure food at inauguration is safe
Gender differences in autoimmune diseases: Blame them on bacteria?
National cancer forecast: 1.66 million new cases in 2013
New Lyme disease-like infection is on the map in U.S.
California ranks low in providing special-needs care to children
Scientists seek clues in kids who outgrow autism symptoms
Facebook entries more memorable than polished prose or human faces
Advocacy group slams 'Xtreme' high-calorie restaurant dishes
U.S. tobacco control efforts lagging, American Lung Assn. says
Cutting back on sugar leads to small weight loss, study says
Emergency treatment in cardiac arrest: More isn't always better
Young children should have hearing tested more frequently: study
Teen pot smoking lowers adult IQ? A second look says maybe not
The flu is fast headed our way: 5 ways to fight
Got milk? Then you might get a Nobel Prize, study suggests
Strawberries, blueberries ward off heart disease in women: study
As L.A. awaits more influenza cases, other winter bugs on the rise
George H.W. Bush goes home after almost two months in hospital
Reader tips for staying the course
Gear: A sneak peek at some innovative workout aids
How to find that mind-body balance, and keep it
5 Questions: Brent Smith of Shinedown cleans up and slims down
Try This: Yogi crunches
Is being pear-shaped not so good after all?
Lung cancer screening recommended by American Cancer Society
Film looks at the harm of 'Soul Food Junkies'
FDA calls for lower-dosing of sleeping pills
Hearing loss partially reversed in noise-damaged ears of mice
Help me welcome new #PedometerWars competitor: @brigettebrugada and her @fitbit
The definition of "balance" &gt; MRT @mmaltaisLAT Big beefy birthday dinner for the hubby tonight. Did a little extra walking today.
That works! MRT @DadManRunning A few long walks in the middle of the day. #PedometerWars #LATFIT
Settlement in breast cancer claim over exposure to chemical DES
RT @khaled1096: Heading 2 employee gym at lunch 2 hit the stairmaster. Makes rest of the day so much nicer 2 get a workout in! @latimesh
U.S. health is lousy compared with peer nations, report says
If the day ends in -y, we know @brigettebrugada is pressing play &gt; "Slim in 6. #exercise #LATFit :)" &gt;&gt;&gt;Way to be
RT @KPHealthEd: Heading 2 employee gym at lunch 2 hit the stairmaster. Makes rest of the day so much nicer 2 get a workout in! @latimesh
How are you fitting in fitness today? Tell us using #LATFit so we can RT! Congrats, @kayonuh &gt; "Morning run number 2 complete
RT @AffirmYourLife: Motivation 101: Don't keep trying to find motivation outside yourself. It's not out there anywhere. It's inside you
See what I mean: RT @MyLastBite #Pedometer count for today! #LATfit #Fitness #PedometerWars
Everyone who participates in #PedometerWars should be forewarned: @MyLastBite is a fearsome competitor...
Announcing #PedometerWars &gt; Strap on a pedometer + use Instagram / Twitter to show off ur daily steps. (Use hashtag #LATfit so we can
Do some reps for us, Lori! RT @ RecipeGirl Anyone at the gym his AM besides me?!
Believe it or not, report says fresh fruit is #1 snack in America
Activist formerly opposed to GMOs explains his change of heart
Cancer death rates fall as HPV-associated cancers rise: U.S. report
Great Recession forced all Americans to cut back on medical care
Confronting a weighty kids' issue
Supreme Court rejects challenge to Obama stem cell policy
Getting your baby to sleep
Try This: The old-school half Turkish get-up
Sports bras: Get fit for action
Pancreatic, other dire cancers get a legislative nudge
Report: Drowsy driving is dangerous -- and common
Weight loss planned for 2013? Some surveys and predictions
Guns: Doctors' next big fight?
New year, new diet. Or maybe same old diet. What works?
Recess 'crucial' for school kids, pediatricians say
Gear: Ways to run with the weather
52 ways to leave your blubber
5 Questions with 'Hungry Girl's' Lisa Lillien
Try This: Lateral traveling ape
Blink if your brain needs a rest
President George H.W. Bush: What can cause a persistent fever?
Nice preteens don't finish last
Why the delay in release of FDA documents on gene-modified salmon?
Study links disease, poverty and biodiversity
Researchers find slight decrease in young children's obesity
GM salmon: FDA's assessment of environmental risks
5 Questions: Jane Fonda on yoga for boomers
A Griffith Park hiking path for newcomers
Going to the light side
EPA issues air pollution standards for boilers and cement plants
Gun lobby has squelched injury prevention research, doctors charge
TV chefs' recipes too high in fat, calories for WHO recommendations
Shape of human hand may have evolved for fighting, scientists say
Adam Lanza: Will genetics reveal what sleuthing cannot?
Try offering cheese and broccoli for kids' snacks
Marijuana use among teens rises, national survey finds
Beyonce is urged to abandon Pepsi endorsement deal
Aerobics beats lifting weights for shedding pounds, study says
Infertility rates haven't changed much in 20 years
No overall increased cancer risk for those exposed to WTC site
A single day of overindulgence: Hours off your life?
Predicting violent behavior: not guesswork, but far from certain
The doctor's in, on Twitter
Try This! Dancers' stretch good for runners too
Gear: Cutting-edge stocking stuffers
Gov. Jerry Brown: Some information about early prostate cancer
'Know the Signs' campaign aims to prevent suicide through awareness
Communing with nature can recharge your creativity, study finds
Officials call for limits on use of super-toxic rat poison
Television in kids' rooms: Really a bad idea, says study
Study offers new support for taxing soda and other junk foods
Increase in vision problems could be linked to diabetes rise
TEDx conference organizers told to shape up or ship out
Transplanting brown fat for weight loss? It could happen
Two strains of C. difficile caused global epidemic, study shows
Uninvited from food industry event, obesity doc puts his talk online
Changes to the psychiatrists' bible, DSM: Some reactions
5 Questions: 'Doctor's Dilemma' director Dámaso Rodriguez
Chips expand beyond potato and corn; a garden awaits
Try This: The reverse fly to bring back balance
Gear: Clever gifts for Yoga and Pilates fans
Cut back on the cigarettes to get a break on tomorrow's hangover
A promising technology to prevent HIV and unwanted pregnancy
Meditation gets thumbs-up for pain, more muted support for stress
Parents live longer than couples without children, study finds
Chew on this: Memory helps drive appetite
The 'healthy immigrant' effect: For Mexicans, not so true
Life expectancy rises as fine particle air pollution drops
Aggression, explosivity linked to multiple concussions in new study
Rule changes could make kids' hockey safer, researchers say
Scams: Brain study suggests why older people are more vulnerable
Kate Middleton hospitalized for hyperemesis gravidarum: What is it?
Ho ho healthful holiday gifts
5 Questions: Julie Bowen talks about allergies in her own 'Modern Family'
Try This: Stretch with the crab reach
Kerosene wick lamps produce both light and hazardous soot
U.S. birthrate falls to lowest level ever recorded
Promising new treatment for cocaine addiction adds stimulant drugs
Hope amid frustration as World AIDS Day approaches
Congratulations! Now let's check if your newborn will be obese
For seniors -- even seniors with memory problems -- exercise helps
Two genes predict tumor's progression to invasive breast cancer
Einstein's brain: even on the surface, extraordinary
Study finds link between high fructose corn syrup, Type 2 diabetes
Consumer Reports analysis of U.S. pork finds majority contaminated
Infected but oblivious: Young Americans with HIV often don't know
New Alzheimer's disease regimen may halt or reverse mental decline
Grapefruit doesn't mix well with some drugs, researchers remind
Autism and early exposure to traffic pollution linked
Model predicts flu outbreaks seven weeks out using Google search data
Study of comatose brains finds changes to highly connected hub areas
Wheat for people allergic to gluten: Possible?
HIV tests should be routine for most, Canada AIDS experts say
5 Questions: 'Dog Whisperer' Cesar Millan stays fit as leader of pack
L.A. Walks: City views from Baldwin Hills park
The latest toothbrush that's not a toothbrush
Some teen depression symptoms get better without treatment
To screen or not to screen
Yosemite hantavirus outbreak has sickened 10, killed 3, CDC says
People with ADHD commit more crimes while off medication, study says
Smallpox virus detected in 300-year-old Siberian mummy
Largest OB-GYN organization urges over-the-counter birth control
Food banks collaborate to get more nutritious food to people
Thanksgiving advice on the Web (some actually useful!)
Testosterone supplements don't help Viagra with erections: study
Teens want more muscle, some use steroids to get there
Unemployment linked to increased risk of heart attacks
Try This: The up and over
5 Questions: Former NBA star John Salley touts the vegan life
The benefits of gratitude
Diabetes rates rise dramatically, CDC reports
FDA links energy drinks to more illnesses, deaths
30 of largest cities have comprehensive no-smoking laws, U.S. says
Teenage hookah smoking rates must be reduced, experts say
Placebo effect is strongest for the kind, hopeful, straightforward
GMO latest: Goldfish crackers lawsuit over 'natural' claim
Genome reveals pigs' history, and promise for medical research
A license for smoking tobacco? Two experts debate
Hospitals getting better at treating cardiac arrest
Multiple bouts with Lyme disease due to reinfection, not recurrence
Pregnant women, just don't drink, study suggests
For terminal patients, early talk about end of life can alter choice
52,000 more primary care doctors needed by 2025, researchers say
Polio receding worldwide, but challenges remain
Women with migraines are more likely to have small brain lesions
Antibiotic overuse remains a problem in the U.S., researchers say
Study: Docs give the OK to eat before a lipid test
'Catching' an itch not so much a sign of empathy as a clue to neuroticism
In 48% of the prescription drug deaths we reviewed, a doctor wrote a prescription for at least one contributing drug:
Recommeded read RT @latimes: The first in our series on prescription drug deaths in Southern California:
The mind's eye can learn to see, even in those blind since birth
Inner ear's energy can work like a battery, scientists say
What defines 'cool'
5 Questions: Wendy Williams finds the right balance
Gear: The basic fixie can get fancy
For those with spice allergies, it's a drab diet or worse
Malaria vaccine trial reports disappointing results
"Pre-drinking" or "pre-funking" common among young alcohol users
Stronger FDA oversight may have averted meningitis outbreak: NEJM
Study: Warm climate or cold, heart deaths rise in the winter
Blacks twice as likely to die of coronary heart disease as whites
Whether fast food or full service, restaurants mean a poor diet for kids
Balding, other aging signs associated with heart disease risk
Lifetime risk of developing heart disease is substantial
Bye bye battery? One day your heart might power your pacemaker
Booster-seat use linked to reduced risk of death in car crashes
Daily multivitamin won't halt cardiovascular disease, study says
The well-stocked first-aid kit
Sports drinks' role often overplayed
5 Questions: Yoga instructor Sara Ivanhoe
Try This: Shoulder-opening stretch
Fungal meningitis outbreak deaths up to 29
High blood pressure damages brain long before old age
New treatment for lice is highly effective, study reports
Parents in survey take responsibility for childhood obesity
Biotech bacteria might help soothe Crohn's and colitis
Leukemia drug treats MS, even when others fail
Youngest children show better success fighting obesity
Scientists expand catalog of human genetic variation
Low levels of vitamin D in blood double risk of bladder cancer
Early dementia diagnosis poses issues for patients, caregivers
Can omega-3s boost cognitive performance for the young and strong?
Romney says he'll undo Obama healthcare reform on Day 1. Can he?
Food cops urge Disney to remove its characters from candy packs
Advanced lung cancer patients likely to misunderstand treatment
Quick-release tape could prevent neonatal skin injuries
Smoking bans drive down heart attack rates
Silver Lake Meadow
5 Questions: Robby Benson shares lessons from heart surgeries
Taking the fright out of Halloween candy
Eat it, wear it? Produce in skin-care products may not help
Try This: Bringing fluidity back
Gear: New kinds of wheels for fitness, fun
FDA report details problems in clean rooms at NECC
You are getting cooler: Hypnosis works for hot flashes, study finds
Americans too confused by healthcare act to like it, survey finds
Andrew Weil's new cookbook aims for 'True Food' that's easy, tasty
FDA warns about children getting sick from swallowing eyedrops
CDC to moms-to-be: Get a Tdap vaccine, protect your baby
CDC: Fungal meningitis deaths rise to 24
What pediatricians might advise on organic food
Bullying spurs suicidal thoughts - still more if home support lacks
Pediatricians call for protections for cheerleaders
Concussion worries are not just for adult athletes
Exotic flavors bubble up in diet soda market
Try This: Skater lunges
5 Questions: Calorie restriction devotee Joe Cordell
Doctors dispute 'inaccurate' abortion claim from Rep. Joe Walsh
Freezing of human eggs no longer an experimental procedure
Most children struck by cars due to jaywalking, darting into street
Santa gives up smoking in new 'Night Before Christmas'
Fungal meningitis outbreak claims 20 lives
Researchers report on new SARS-like coronavirus
Meningitis outbreak worsens, with four more dead
After counseling, people ate more fruit -- not more vegetables
Daily multivitamin appears to slightly lower cancer risk in older men
Americans' cholesterol levels dropping, large survey finds
Kentucky study links pseudophedrine sales, meth busts
Health initiative to study causes of obesity
FDA broadens tainted steroid warning to include other drugs
Small changes in child's sleep can have big impact at school
HPV vaccine doesn't make girls want sex -- any more than normal
5 Questions: Shari and Judi Zucker dish on healthful, tasty snacks
Why more people are going nuts for nuts
Try This: Russian twist with stability ball
Gear: New ways to be old school
Many cancer patients don't understand purpose of chemo, study says
Flu activity low, CDC says in first report of season
Neural stem cells successfully implanted into the brains of four boys
Commission: U.S. needs privacy standards for genome data
Toll of disturbing news is greater for women, study says
CDC says 14,000 patients injected with tainted steroid
Kids need more calories in their school lunches, lawmakers say
Bird flu debate: Should H5N1 experiments resume?
Ft. Hood shooting suspect Nidal Hasan fights to save beard
VP debate: Ryan says facing Biden is 'a nervous situation'
New jobless claims plunge to 4 1/2-year low
China's Mo Yan wins Nobel Prize in literature
Chinese writer wins Nobel for literature
Security chief slain at U.S. Embassy in Yemen
Romney's abortion remarks bring issue back into focus
California's renewable-energy plans may hinge on presidential race
Official says he sought more security at U.S. Consulate in Libya
A year after deadly shootings, Seal Beach salon prepares to reopen
Next generation of spaceflight taking shape in Mojave
USADA report details case against Lance Armstrong
Egypt unveils draft of new constitution
'Innocence of Muslims' filmmaker denies probation violation
Romney says abortion stance unchanged, that he remains 'pro-life'
Ruling out race in college admissions: How far will high court go?
State Dept: Security at Libya consulate adequate
Supreme Court justices skeptical of affirmative action for college
Pussy Riot member freed on appeal; two others remain imprisoned
USADA chief previews Lance Armstrong report
Toyota recalling millions of cars to fix fire hazard
Alex Karras dies at 77; actor also starred in the NFL
Nobel Prize in chemistry goes to 2 Americans studying body's receptors
SpaceX capsule arrives at space station on key resupply mission
Inglewood Oil Field fracking study finds no harm from the method
Variety is sold for about $25 million
Leader of Mexico's Zetas drug gang proves elusive even in death
San Francisco sheriff holds on to office
Obama campaigns more urgently in response to debate setback
Siblings launch multimillion-dollar attacks on Prop. 30
Los Angeles takes unclaimed money owed to motorists
Bill Clinton works Las Vegas crowd, mocking Mitt Romney
Protestants no longer a majority of Americans, study finds
Group of senators seeks bipartisan deficit reduction deal
Biden-Ryan debate highlights nation's Catholic political divide
Death row inmate hoping California Supreme Court sides with him
Anaheim officer who killed man is amateur boxer, lawsuit says
Tesoro plan to buy Arco gets more scrutiny amid gas-price surge
Romney won debate and, more importantly, the media narrative
In legal battle against drone strikes, she's on the front lines
In Syria, a rebellion calls for revolutionary measures
British, Japanese scientists share Nobel Prize for stem cell work
Toll from meningitis linked to steroid shots increases to 11 dead
Jerry Sandusky's court ramble reflects 'banal self-delusion'
Ohio secretary of state asks Supreme Court to block early voting
Romney spokesman disputes account of campaign shakeup, Big Bird ad
American, Frenchman win Nobel Prize for work in quantum physics
One more new gas price record in California -- and perhaps the last
Protestants lose majority in U.S. for first time; unaffiliated up
Winds blamed as attempt to break free-fall record is aborted
In 'a story of betrayal,' Jerry Sandusky faces life in prison
Antidepressant use in pregnancy linked to language development
Race, education linked to differences in HIV mortality rates
Kaiser joins hospitals promising healthier food for patients, staff
Medication new to the market? Proceed with caution
Many drugs are just fine years after they 'expire,' study finds
Generic antidepressant pulled from U.S. shelves after FDA finding
Salmonella: Nut butter recall expands to 240 products
Breast cancer awareness month is touted by an unusual source
Stem cells could lead to future fertility treatments, study says
Botulism outbreak in Utah prison linked to homebrew, baked potato
Mediterranean dieters kept weight off for six years
High blood pressure during pregnancy may hurt offspring's IQ
L.A. billionaire unveils plan to make healthcare more high-tech
Beta blocker drugs are popular but probably overused, study says
Vitamin D does not prevent colds or infections, study finds
CDC: Teens who say they drink and drive down 54% since 1991
Teens and risky behavior: More complicated than it seems?
Kids exposed to background TV a 'startling' amount, study finds
Could hypnosis help you? Yes, if you have the brain for it
HPV vaccine gets a (mostly) clean bill of health
Company makes stickers to entice kids to eat fruit and vegetables
Insomnia can be a costly disorder, increasing errors on the job
Misconduct, not research error, behind most retractions, study says
Medical research funding tied to advocacy, study finds
Canadians support incentives for kidney donation, survey says
Doctors' advice to unfit drivers is lifesaving, study finds
Some women actually have men on the brain
Warning unfit drivers cuts crash-related ER visits, study finds
Gut bacteria are different in people with diabetes
Are celebrity endorsements of health causes a good idea?
Childhood obesity like climate change: Outlook is up in the air
Should doctors' 'gut feelings' play a role in medicine?
Is the California breast density law a good idea? Three opinions
Trying package labels so shoppers can find healthful foods
Snacking in America -- it's hot, hot, hot!
Anti-smoking campaign by the CDC -- did it help?
Pediatricians say home trampolines too risky
California doctors must soon tell women if they have dense breasts
Ready for a challenge on healthy eating? [Google+ Hangout]
Ig Nobel Prizes honor research on why coffee spills when you walk
Doctors found to lack trust in drug company studies
Some video games can help fight cancer, obesity
Studies show promise for obesity surgeries
Heavy pacifier use may lead to emotionally stunted kids, study reports
Will a wee sip of alcohol immunize or encourage your wee one?
Food stamps buy up to $2.1 billion a year in sugary drinks, study says
More than 45% of Californians may be obese by 2030, report says
Want to lose weight? Be sure to get enough sleep, experts say
Teen sexting associated with actual sex
Candy cigarettes and Toddlers &amp; Tiaras
Rural living could be an obesity risk factor
Compound in cannabis may help treat epilepsy, researchers say
Stressful job? It could be worse
Acupuncture more than placebo effect for chronic pain, study shows
Middle ground a sound way to get baby to sleep, study shows
Flap over organic food study: Interview with the journal editor
Pertussis vaccine's effectiveness wanes after final dose, study finds
Stem cell treatment restores hearing in gerbils
Fat dogs, fat cats: Time for a ... pet obesity clinic?
School programs don't get kids to eat many more veggies, study says
Lots of chatter, anger over Stanford organic food study
Obesity: Doctors need to change their eating habits, too
Fido's arthritis drug may cure drug-resistant tuberculosis
Heavy drinkers at increased risk for early stroke
West Nile virus may get worse as climate gets hotter, experts say
Marijuana use may increase risk of testicular cancer
Sexual research app scrutinized by lawyers
Signs of progress? Obesity among Philly's kids is down
Watching reruns? You're replenishing mental resources!
Form of autism might improve with simple treatment, study says
Popular kids more likely to smoke, research says
Mars Inc. wants disclaimer in store selling deep-fried Mars bars
New human genome research aids understanding of disease
Macaque studies suggest intravaginal ring protects against HIV
Think about the future. Does it include quitting smoking?: Study
West Nile outbreak worst ever, CDC says
Scientists unveil new blueprint of how the human genome works
Newly discovered gene mutation offers malaria defense like sickle cell
Scientists find a new benefit of coffee: It reduces pain
iPod Touch apps help workers with autism
Pregnant mom's smoking sets baby on path to obesity, says study
One-third of Americans have hypertension, half of it uncontrolled
Organ donation might be a matter of how you're asked
Organic food -- better for you or not? A study takes a look
Mellow setting puts fast food consumers in a mood to ... eat less
Three abortions = Greater risk of prematurity, low birthweight: study
Calorie restriction for longer life: One man's experience
FDA approves Linzess, new drug for irritable bowel, constipation
Midwestern researcher discovers new virus related to hantavirus
For men too, chocolate consumption reduces stroke risk
What is hantavirus? A short(ish) explainer
Crime, punishment and chimpanzees
Apple-shaped but not obese? Don't be smug!
New devices successfully pluck blood clots out of the brain
Study: Fruits, vegetables may be key to long-term weight loss
Pot-smoking teens experience mental slippage as adults
Early Bird or Night Owl? Blood test reads personal body clock
Fifty and fit means fewer chronic diseases after 65
Pig worm eggs could be a new treatment for Crohn's disease
West Nile virus: Some facts and how to protect yourself
Older dads pass down more mutations: the implications
FDA and CDC warn that tattoo ink can be hazardous to your health
Elmo makes apples more appealing to kids
A shopping guide for nutritious food on a budget
Researchers find deadly amoeba in tap water
CSI Bethesda: Sleuths used sequenced genome to track down killer
Most teens surveyed say classmates drink, use drugs on campus
Health disparities found among black, white and Latino children
A new take on obesity's cause: Technology investment
P90X doles out the pain to both parties, company president says
Older fathers pass on more new genetic mutations to offspring
A 'sustainable' diet: Must it all be cereal and cabbage?
Mental benefits of music lessons echo years after practice ends
Motherhood plus paid work equals better health at 40, study suggests
Vitamin D supplements cut incidence of the common cold, study says
Oh, great. Students who binge drink say they have more fun
Planned Parenthood launches breast cancer initiative
College peers lose respect for those who 'hook up' too often
Q &amp; A on Myriad decision: DNA patent upheld, process patent not
Teens having less oral sex, study says
Beverage industry keeps pledge on sodas in schools, study says
PSA test -- yes or no? More fodder for that roiling debate
How dogs can help unravel genetic diseases in people
Prince Philip hospitalized. Bladder infection? That can be serious
Jesse Jackson Jr. treated for bipolar II disorder: What is it?
Brief screening for domestic violence doesn't help, study shows
Scientists slim down chocolate with fruit juice
Weighing obesity drugs: Panel ponders what's next
Couples therapy shows promise for partners with PTSD
Blood type associated with heart-disease risk, study finds
What if we regulated junk food the way we do alcohol?
Suicide and unemployment jump together
No yolk: eating the whole egg as dangerous as smoking?
Retirement resorts don't look so rosy in documentary film
Toddler's snoring signals rough road ahead
Is triclosan dangerous? Yes, study finds -- in mice, fish
Mississippi fattest, Colorado thinnest in new federal obesity statistics
School snack laws may help prevent weight gain
CDC issues new treatment recommendations for gonorrhea
A hint of success in treating Alzheimer's raises ethical quandary
Smoking among U.S. youths declines, but less quickly
Stressed-out men prefer a fleshier woman
Neil Armstrong recovering well after cardiac bypass surgery
CDC reports 'big increase' in H3N2 swine influenza cases
Officials report 113 cases of swine influenza in Indiana
Generalized phrases can foster stereotypes in kids, study says
Propecia for baldness can cause depression long after use stops
Fainting spells have a genetic basis, study suggests
Young kids sleep better when you change their media diet
Sugary soda access drops for school kids
Sexual orientation: The eyes tell all
California's first West Nile Virus fatality of the year
An 'added sugar' label on foods? Stop! You're confusing me!
Beware that pig, CDC says, as 12 more catch swine flu
Woman laughs, accidentally swallows knife
Listeria: onions and cantaloupes latest cause of worry
Intelligence: Brain size matters, but so do connections
U.S. cigarette consumption down, but use of other products is up
Breastfeeding gets a boost
Not all rabies infections lead to death; some may have resistance
Bariatric surgery risk varies among hospitals, study finds
Bird flu strain sickens seals -- could it strike humans, too?
Removing kidney increases risk of erectile dysfunction
Child's psychological mistreatment may be subtle but harmful: study
Aging with HIV presents unique health challenges, experts say
Berlin Patient, first person cured of HIV, may soon have company
Meatless Monday flap: USDA gets into trouble with beef industry
An abandoned weight-loss drug gets a makeover
Squeaky clean mice show that skin bacteria help shape immunity
Fetal DNA tests: Will patents work against patients?
CT for chest pain in ER gets patients home sooner
HIV drug resistance is spreading in Africa, experts say
Exposure to light at night may contribute to depression, study says
Heart attack risk balloons after surgery to fix hip or knee
2012 AIDS meeting: Early treatment is key, experts say
LAX: For jump-starting a pandemic, we're No. 2! We're No. 2!
Sally Ride dies of pancreatic cancer: What is pancreatic cancer?
New drug combination may shorten, simplify TB therapy
Unsure where next meal comes from, low-income moms send mixed messages on food
Will New York City's large-soda ban reduce calories consumed?
Vehicle crash death rates are lower in urban areas, CDC says
Movie theater shooting: Making sense of random acts of violence
Surgeon general is asked for a report on sodas
'Dark Knight' shooting: How do hospitals prepare for a disaster?
ACLU argues Myriad Genetics DNA patent case -- again
Silymarin, extract of milk thistle, does not benefit hepatitis C
First gene therapy in West, for a rare disease, on the horizon
Move over BMI: There's a new way to measure fat
Two-sport high school athletes and obesity - not teamed
Egg allergy cured by eating eggs? (Don't try this at home.)
U.S. suffering worst whooping cough outbreak since 1959, CDC says
While we dream, our muscles are paralyzed -- here's how come
Radiation from Fukushima probably will kill 130 people: research
New York trans fat ban led to 'significant' consumption decrease
Forgetful elderly at greater death risk, researchers say
FDA approves Truvada for preventing HIV infection
Older adults overlook prescription warning labels, study suggests
Bacteria in guts of elderly differ from those of the young
10 Pounds in 10 Days: Can I do it? Day 5
Breast-conserving cancer surgery often needs to be repeated
Faithful food diary key to weight loss, study says
First lady announces 'Let's Move' video winners
New protein may protect against many strains of flu
Anti-drug abuse measure drives many addicts to heroin
Eating with an ex 'can trigger sexual jealousy,' study finds
Cyndi Lauper advocates for LGBT homeless youth
Researchers identify gene variant protective against Alzheimer's
Urinary tract infection? Go ahead and drink cranberry juice
Obesity a sentence to early death? Not so fast, says new study
10 Pounds in 10 Days: Can I do it? Day 3
Community health centers best private practices on care quality
Swine flu vaccine caused slight risk of Guillain-Barre syndrome
Buying health insurance is a 'moral duty,' bioethicists say
Ultrasound might enhance the tumor-killing effects of radiation
10 Pounds in 10 Days: Can I do it? Day 2
Ow, sunburn: Scientists figure out what's going on in our skin
Obesity vaccine takes a step forward
Cambodian child deaths linked to hand, foot and mouth disease
10 Pounds in 10 Days: Can I do it? Day 1
Fetal genome blood test: Lots of issues, scientists say
Grilling? Watch out for wire bristles from cleaning brushes
Fewer schoolkids can buy sugary drinks at school
Crew picked to study food production in deep space
Entire genome of fetus sequenced without DNA from man
In paradox, obesity a factor in heart failure, but may limit effects
Childhood abuse linked to adult obesity in black women, study says
Study says 5% of kids suffer from intermittent explosive disorder
Critic says 'Big Food' needs regulation to curb obesity
Chronic pain can be predicted by pattern in brain, scientists find
Exploding fireworks may cause injury to eyes if person nearby
Nearly 1 in 4 teens has 'sexted' nude pictures, study says
Nearly 1 in 4 teens has 'sexted' nude pictures, study says
Spanking linked to increased risk of mental health problems
Keep infants out of the sun, the government says
Caffeine delivers a jolt to elderly muscles, sports scientists say
New gene therapy for smoking kills the pleasure of nicotine
12-year-old takes healthful food message across the U.S.
Can't pay that hospital bill? Paint a picture! Dance a jig!
RT @latimes: The healthcare ruling is being seen as a big victory for President Obama. More analysis and reaction all day at 
Robert Lustig on JAMA calorie study: 'Insulin is the bad guy'
FDA approves lorcaserin, first weight-loss drug OK'd since 1999
A calorie isn't a calorie: What one man learned from diet study
Obesity screenings for all American adults? Not so fast, some say
Nutrition, finances win with healthful school snacks, report says
A birth control gel for men lowers sperm count sharply
Moderate exercise appears to reduce breast cancer risk: Q&amp;A
Some of those whose diabetes is cured by surgery have recurrence
Innate number sense peaks at age 30, declines with aging
Vitamin D could matter in older women's weight gain
Adele's 'Rolling in the Deep' brings girl out of coma. Possible?
Many older women say their weight has negative effect on their lives
Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, more -- due to infectious proteins?
H5N1: What kind of oversight is best for bird flu research?
More nutritious cereals but more marketing to kids, Yale report says
Gene silencing improves Huntington's in animals; human tests next
Gut bacteria: Each species may need its own kind
GMO foods don't need special label, American Medical Assn. says
Vicious cycle: Heart attacks can trigger PTSD, study says
Weight-loss surgery: Which patients get best diabetes results?
The kind of salad dressing you use can make veggies healthier
Food industry is focus of science magazine series
Soda taxes endorsed by AMA as a way to fight obesity
Avastin cheaper than Lucentis for AMD, but has higher risks
Dust in homes with dogs may lower risk of asthma-linked infection
Hosni Mubarak's state uncertain: What is 'clinical death'?
Florida spear gun accident: Stories of brain injury survivors
Drop in antibiotic use fuels decline in prescriptions for kids
AMA set to vote on soda tax, with funds targeted to fight obesity
Arthritis treatment may cause liver injury, study says
Second strain of cholera identified in Haiti epidemic
Gastric bypass for weight loss increases alcohol use, study says
NYC proposal gets people talking about soda
Can you stick with a task? On Father's Day, you might thank Dad
Studying the bacteria in our bodies: The ethical ramifications
Half in U.S. did not seek preventive care before 2010, CDC says
Bacteria, viruses and fungi (oh my!) on the human body
Swedes implant tissue-engineered vein in 10-year-old girl
Fewer mothers, children dying, but progress could be better
Female researcher-physicians' pay lags behind men's, study finds
A better type of clinical trial?
Sleep well, or face the possibility of eating poorly
A quarter of L.A. homeless have hepatitis C; half don't know it
Pediatrician offers advice for 'expecting' dads
Trial of artificial pancreas gives diabetes patients a break
Self-injury: Even little boys and girls do it
Older grandfathers pass on longer telomeres, possibly longer life
Even the oldest smokers can live longer if they quit, study says
Drug czar says addiction is a health problem, not a moral failing
Why do we age? Genomes of baby and 103-year-old may offer clue
Michelle Obama to appear on 'Restaurant: Impossible'
'Good Morning America' co-host Robin Roberts has blood disorder
Irritable bowel, ulcerative colitis linked to intestinal fungi
Sheryl Crow brain tumor: Some facts about meningioma
Teens will text while driving (but at least they wear seat belts)
First trial of vaccine to treat Parkinson's disease begins
Medical marijuana: Study raises questions about clinics' link to crime
CT scans in childhood can triple brain tumor, leukemia risk: study
WHO releases action plan for antibiotic-resistant gonorrhea
No wonder it's hard to know what kind of fish to eat
Tommy Lasorda: What is a 'mild heart attack'?
For depression, phone therapy helps. But for how long?
3 kidney patients developed infections at L.A. dialysis center
Measuring waist circumference can help predict Type 2 diabetes risk
Disney says no more junk food ads
Penis too curvy from Peyronie's disease? A new drug might help
That guilt you feel? There's a place (in your brain) for that
Moms plan to breast-feed for three months but don't, study says
New York soda ban won't work, marketing experts say
Obesity intervention needed even before pregnancy, researchers say
Soda scrap: Michael Bloomberg "Nanny" ad to run in New York Times
World cancer incidence will grow 75% by 2030, WHO says
Study: Diabetes drug Actos doubles the risk of bladder cancer
Paralyzed rats run again: Could method help humans?
What's in a name? FDA, on high fructose corn syrup, says lots
2011 measles outbreak traced to Burmese refugee who came to L.A.
Skin transplants improve color in vitiligo patients
World No Tobacco Day helps people consider quitting, research says
Detecting cancers -- from tiny bits of tumor DNA in blood
Drowning is a leading cause of death for boys worldwide
Childhood cancer genomes now available for study
Kids follow their active friends, study says
Widely used antioxidant supplement curtails some autism symptoms
Aspirin and other NSAIDs may protect against skin cancer
FDA warns against counterfeit Adderall bought online
'Biggest Loser' results: Better than weight-loss surgery?
Magnesium infusions provide no benefit after bleeding stroke
Smoking prevention efforts get short shrift from states, CDC says
Will doctors follow new PSA test advice? Signs aren't great
Consumer Reports rates sunscreens; drugstore brand a best buy
Fevers during pregnancy linked to autism, but medication helps
PSA test: The real problem is the rush to treatment, doctor says
Calcium supplements increase risk of heart attacks, study finds
Long-acting contraceptives are best at preventing pregnancy
Stem cell treatment for heart failure takes small step forward
For consumers, taste counts more than healthfulness, poll finds
Which American cities are fittest?
Sleepy surgical residents impaired, study says
Death rate for diabetics drops sharply, CDC study finds
Beginning statins in the hospital after a stroke increases odds of going home
Future heart-health alarm rises with new statistics on kids
Prostate cancer and the PSA test: It's hard to understand risk
Want to lower breast cancer risk? Lose a little weight
Listening to loud music linked with pot use, unsafe sex, study says
Inexpensive arthritis drug may treat dysentery, giardiasis
HDL, the good cholesterol, may not be so good after all
Fructose makes rats dumber. What sugars should we avoid?
Donna Summer: Lung cancer leading cause of cancer death
Supermarket intervention prompted shoppers to buy more produce
Chain restaurants don't meet U.S. nutrition guidelines, study says
Healthy food doesn't have to be expensive, USDA declares
Breast cancer study reveals 'substantial genetic diversity'
Two paralyzed people successfully use robot arm
National strategy on Alzheimer's disease aims to halt it by 2025
Parkinson's disease may be diagnosed by studying colon, reports say
U.S. asthma rates at all-time high, CDC says
Smoking pot for multiple sclerosis? Study finds it helps
Could patients with COPD breathe easier with acupuncture?
Laxative-free colonoscopy may soon be possible
Sleepwalking: More common than you might think
Kids' ER visits resulting from battery exposure have doubled in two decades
My kid's pacifier could hurt him. It's worrying -- to a point.
Egg producers fund study confirming the health benefits of eggs
For defibrillators to save lives, people have to use them
Weight-loss drug Lorcaserin: Definite maybe in 2nd run at FDA's OK
Legalizing gay marriage is good for public health, studies show
Drug delays progression in myeloma, but is it worth the cost?
1 of 6 cancer deaths worldwide caused by preventable infections
Contaminated reusable grocery bag causes gastric illness outbreak
HBO's 'The Weight of the Nation' is a wake-up call for America
Nation's obesity problem demands sweeping changes, panel says
Teens in California, which patrols school food, eat less fat, sugar
Should Obama ban photo ops with foods like burgers and fries?
Probiotics can blunt diarrhea caused by antibiotics, report says
U.S. ranks 25th of best places for mothers; Norway 1st, Niger last
Commuting farther raises blood pressure, boosts obesity, study says
Obesity: Moms may need reminder that too much baby fat isn't healthy
Can supplement containing resveratrol help wet macular degeneration?
Obesity in U.S. projected to grow, though pace slows: CDC study
Vaccination rates higher in states requiring them in middle school
Some fertility treatments linked to higher risk of birth defects
Teen girls waiting longer to have sex, according to CDC report
Blond hair evolved separately in Europe and the South Pacific
Junior Seau: Apparent suicide follows deaths of athletes with brain trauma
200 years of surgical history, as told by Dr. Atul Gawande
Resveratrol's anti-aging potential gets a boost in study
The case against funding studies on alternative medical therapies
Popular breast cancer treatment increases risk of mastectomy
A baby is born addicted to drugs about once an hour, study says
American workforce is seriously sleep-deprived, CDC reports
Woman in Delta flight scare says she had bedbug bites, not monkeypox
FDA approves new erectile dysfunction pill Stendra
FDA: Don't use certain hepatitis and HIV drugs together
Liver transplants on nights and weekends as safe as any other time
Dogs accidentally poison veterinarians
Illinois surgeons re-transplant kidney into second patient in unusual operation
Allergies may actually protect against natural toxins
Gabapentin may ease symptoms of marijuana withdrawal
Report: Epilepsy surgery underused option when drug therapy fails
Experimental drug helps the brain recover from stroke -- in mice
Guidelines limiting prostate cancer screening are widely ignored
Measles-control effort falls short due to problems in India, Africa
The 'Hispanic paradox': Latinos and lung cancer
Experts issue new guidelines for preventing migraines with drugs
Studies overstate drugs' ability to treat autism symptoms: report
Salt content in fast food varies by country, study finds
Cochineal and Starbucks: Actually, this dye is everywhere
For kids, TV is life's background noise
U.S. government recommends publication of bird flu papers
Eating meat helped early humans reproduce, spread around the globe
Study examines diet, exercise, obesity in prisons worldwide
For a healthy old age, learn to let go of regrets
Can Welsh rugby wins predict the death of a pope? Perhaps
Traffic injuries much more common in poor areas, study finds
San Diego researchers pursue potential cocaine overdose treatment
In 2011, U.S. logged the most measles cases it's had in 15 years
Study shows how brain tunes out background noise, hears one voice
You're never too old to reduce Alzheimer's risk with exercise
Gum disease and heart disease -- no link after all?
Recorded brain commands, sent to muscles, may circumvent paralysis
Four blind mice see the light after cell injections
Alzheimer's: New test aids early diagnosis, but worth it to know?
Sex, drug use linked with playing the 'choking game,' study says
Child injury deaths fell 30% in decade, but drug deaths rose
Trauma patients more likely to survive if rescued by helicopter
Maggots better than surgeons at wound cleaning -- for a week anyway
Experimental drug slows progression of multiple sclerosis
Blood test looks promising in diagnosing depression
Trauma patients more likely to survive if rescued by helicopter
Superfruits: Super-silly?
Warren Buffett's stage 1 prostate cancer: What is it, what's next?
Do facial expressions convey the same emotions around the world?
Buffett has Stage 1 prostate cancer, says it's not life-threatening
Maggots better than surgeons at wound cleaning -- for a week anyway
Experimental drug slows progression of multiple sclerosis
Experts see hopeful signs on eating disorders
The NRA in national politics; Gunter Grass and Israel vs. Iran; shopping for health insurance
Alzheimer's: New test aids early diagnosis, but worth it to know?
Sex, drug use linked with playing the 'choking game,' study says
Child injury deaths fell 30% in decade, but drug deaths rose
Chin implants are fastest-growing cosmetic surgery procedure
Scientists at UCLA, worldwide collaborate to map brain size genes
Healthcare pricing still a struggle for consumers
California hires relatives of hospital reform effort's leader
California state mental hospitals plagued by peril
Heroin vaccine won't 'cure' what ails addicts
Try This! Close-to-wide squat
What studies have shown about sugar
Five Questions: Sean Astin
Susan G. Komen for the Cure funds 17 Planned Parenthood grants
Sounding the sugar alarms
Gadget: Gruve helps mine every little calorie burn
Healthcare reform is about lives, not just politics
Medicare to settle hospital reimbursement dispute
Bat on a plane! What are the health risks to passengers?
Subterranean bacteria are prepared to survive antibiotics
Disrupted, insufficient sleep could lead to diabetes risk
FDA issues recommendations on antibiotics and livestock
Fatal traffic accidents more common on tax day
The Brits have hot-dog-stuffed-crust pizza, but we can beat that!
Miley Cyrus: 'everyone should try no gluten.' Experts disagree.
Weight loss study: Fads not as helpful as exercising, eating less
Toxic products in California nail salons under renewed scrutiny
Lung cancer screenings 'a good value,' study finds
Fish oil: Is it any good for us?
Ingredient in herbal medicines linked to urothelial cancer
Is the price Americans pay for cancer treatment worth the results?
U.S. cancer costs more, lengthens survival. Is it worth it?
Traffic and a downtown stadium; the GOP budget plan; Mitt Romney's stance on Obama's healthcare law
Task force seeks to change California's mental health commitment law
Study finds link between autism and obesity during pregnancy
Obama reaches out to female voters
The universe and its purpose; the Supreme Court and the healthcare law; the death penalty as a deterrent
Shilajit is unproven yet touted as a panacea for many ills
Try This! Skateboard pike
A look at new camping and hiking gear
Five Questions: Neurologist Charles H. Adler on the yips
Twitter friends: It may be a good idea to meet up
L.A. Affairs: Beyond a love for Africa, he shared little
Booming medical school brings life to downtown Pomona
Obama respects Supreme Court's power, attorney general writes
Aetna rate hike is deemed 'excessive' by California regulator
When a health insurer won't pay for an ER visit
Cancer diagnosis raises risk of heart attack and suicide, study says
Prosthetics get the personal touch
Obama's Supreme Court comments off the mark
Study identifies genes linked to post-traumatic stress disorder
Study on kids' playtime with parents: Does it miss the point?
We may be fatter than we think, researchers report
Supreme Court needn't fear healthcare law's individual mandate provision
Reliance on BMI understates the true obesity crisis, experts say
HIV among black women in 6 cities far exceeds national average
Officials ponder how to ensure healthcare reform in California
On losing a piece of Hollywood history; debating "The Hunger Games" and reading; and controlling Medicare costs
The bizarre calculus of emergency room charges
Romney, Santorum try to appeal to Wisconsin conservatives
Signs of Supreme Court activism worry Reagan administration lawyers
Web Buzz: Rating restaurants on their allergy friendliness
Zip-lining adventures are sprouting up
Diabetes drug metformin may double as cancer-fighting medicine
Try This! Homemade moisturizer
Superlative benefits claimed
Zip line tours in Southern California
Five Questions: Singer Katherine Jenkins on dancing, running
Superfruit, or just a plain old Clark Kent fruit?
FDA decides not to ban BPA in food packaging
Having a healthy debate
Bringing your dog to work can ease stress, study finds
Healthcare's high court test
BPA and health: What the science does and doesn't yet say
FDA denies petition to ban bisphenol A
Is healthcare a privilege or a right?
Dr. Paul H. Crandall dies at 89; invented techniques for diagnosing, treating epilepsy
Autism rates rising sharply, CDC reports
On healthcare, not what the doctor ordered
Supreme Court again looks primed to confound a president
California state colleges weigh asking students about sexual orientation
First wheat, now healthcare
McManus: Obama's 'tax' lapse
This week: Science serves up the perfect snack
Obama targets groups that would be hurt by overturned healthcare law
After Supreme Court's healthcare hearings, experts rate arguments
Supreme Court appears poised to nullify entire healthcare law
Teens' 'cinnamon challenge': Dangerous, not innocent
Medicaid: Who pays, and how?
Questions remain about weight-loss surgery for diabetes
Supreme Court greets healthcare mandate with skepticism
Taxation's legality is key to health reform
Green coffee beans show potential for losing weight
Key questions remain about weight-loss surgery for diabetes
One doctor's take on how surgery reverses Type 2 diabetes
Dick Cheney adjusting well to new heart
Kinsley: On healthcare, time for some judicial restraint
Cancer research targets a key cell protein
Supreme Court appears eager to rule on healthcare law
Romney visits California as candidates slam Obama on healthcare
Weight-loss surgery effective against diabetes, studies show
Dick Cheney: The pros and cons of heart transplants for older patients
Dick Cheney: Are heart transplants unusual for older patients?
Healthcare law's day in court
Medicaid could be in Supreme Court's sights
Will Supreme Court weigh health mandate at all?
An emergency room story to make anyone ill
In healthcare case, Supreme Court weighs entwined provisions
A system of plea bargains
Apps may help, but couch those expectations
Putting the app in therapy
Raise a glass of wine to resveratrol
Court orders FDA to restrict use of antibiotics in livestock
Gear: Bike options for commuters
Try This! A ballet-inspired 'booty lifter'
Five Questions: Dr. Walter Willett on red meat
Sugar seeks sweet revenge against competition from corn
New Alzheimer's pill more likely to cause misery, medical experts say
California seeks limits on small-business self-insurance trend
No Rx for Medicare
Alzheimer's drug sharply criticized by medical experts
Whitney Houston: How cocaine use compounds heart disease
Health 411: Will Medicare cover wife when husband retires?
In Your Face Fitness: Run the L.A. Marathon in less than four hours? Oh, yes he did.
Researchers closer to a test to predict heart attacks
FDA panel: Dissolvable tobacco could reduce risks
Israelis pose a no-skinny-models plan to target eating disorders
Stronger smell linked to smaller bites, vanilla-custard study says
Big science zooms in on a new cure for baldness
Should you take aspirin to prevent or treat cancer?
Obama healthcare law not yet resonating with public
Electroshock therapy: treats depression, unlocks mysteries of the brain
Resources for marathon training
New ads tally smoking's toll
Upcoming marathons in Southern California
Electroshock: First glimpse of how it works adds clues to depression
More data needed on experimental drug for diabetes: study
Try This! An off-the-wall workout
Five Questions: David Lynch on transcendental meditation
USC professor at the intersection of children and justice
Lessons learned running a first marathon
Geneticist's 'personalized medicine' study focuses on himself
Supreme Court to weigh key constitutional issues with healthcare law
Finding health insurance on your own
Five Questions: David Lynch on transcendental meditation
Lessons learned running a first marathon
Try This! An off-the-wall workout
East L.A. corner markets get free makeovers as part of public-health program
Geneticist's 'personalized medicine' study focuses on himself
Upcoming marathons in Southern California
Finding health insurance on your own
Try This! An off-the-wall workout
In-Your-Face Fitness: Humbled by Los Angeles Marathon training
Geneticist's 'personalized medicine' study focuses on himself
Lessons learned running a first marathon
Natural foods: Eating up the trends
Skin-care items spotted at the Natural Products Expo
Rep. Paul Ryan's budget plan, with Medicare changes, is back
Filmmaker behind 'Kony 2012' video taken to mental health facility
Baby's food: Teaching them young at the Natural Products Expo
Sidney Crosby returns to the ice: Concussions and consequences
Abuse in childhood common among alcohol addicts, study finds
Menopause fog? It's real, but not what you think
CDC launching graphic anti-smoking ad campaign
Researchers ponder why estrogen-only HRT may reduce breast cancer risk
New guidelines discourage annual Pap tests
Cadmium in diet is linked to higher breast cancer risk
Healthcare wasn't broken
Red meat: What makes it unhealthy?
Caregivers' mental health may improve with short daily meditation
Flurry of legislation aimed at abortion, reproductive health
Walking can offset the tendency to become obese
Moot court previews legal debate over healthcare reform
Quality and cost of medical care vary widely among local areas
Stroke symptoms? Ambulance=Brain
Could brain injury have sparked soldier's rampage in Afghanistan?
Stroke symptoms? Ambulance = Brain
Cooler hands could mean better workouts for obese women
Chew on this! Critics sink their teeth into red meat study
New rules aim to ease state-run health insurance exchanges
All red meat is bad for you, new study says
iPads made hospital residents more efficient, they say
Opioid use after minor surgery can create problems
Health 411: Aging mom may have dementia, and family doesn't know what to do
Nobel-winning UCI chemistry professor Sherry Rowland remembered
McManus: Obama's healthcare albatross
Mary Brown, 'Obamacare' foe -- and broke
Bonding over 12.5 miles and 12,000 volts
Gear: Water bottles
Mud run events
Five Questions: Daphne Oz
U.S. pushes healthcare providers to share records electronically
Television review: 'The Announcement'
Playlists to take you higher, lower or farther
For Cedars-Sinai's 1980s HIV babies, a diagnosis for life
Try this exercise: The ladder drill
'Your Playlist Can Change Your Life': Can music boost your brain?
Athletes get down and dirty in obstacle mud runs
Healing Medi-Cal
Plaintiff challenging healthcare law went bankrupt &#8211; with unpaid medical bills
Hospital did business with firms tied to its CEO, board members
New anticoagulant drug and head injury: Do not mix
Personalized cancer treatment: Genetic differences abound in tumors
HIV rates in U.S. black women much higher than thought
Wrong Rx for the FDA
Pregnancy seems to protect against multiple sclerosis
Healthcare costs are likely to dominate Hollywood contract talks
Suicides among Army personnel up 80% in four years
Doctor charged in nation's largest healthcare fraud scam
Republican senators fail to reverse birth control rule
Study suggests breakthrough in organ transplants
Researchers report progress in cancer immunotherapy
A checkup on Americans' views of healthcare reform
Ventura County seeks to keep healthcare plan audit a secret
Dispensaries can't be banned, but must grow pot on site
To stay fiscally healthy, state's hospitals want fewer patients
To the mat no longer
Estrogen taken alone is linked to lower breast cancer risk
Men with beards aren't more attractive to women, study suggests
Hormone replacement therapy questions continue
Vets with mental health problems more likely to abuse painkillers
Alcohol in movies linked to binge drinking in teens, study says
Consumer group finds cancer-causing chemical in colas [Updated]
Consumer group finds cancer-causing chemical in colas
Vitamin D linked to stronger bones in girls
Study describes pros and cons of antidepressant use in pregnancy
California schoolchildren growing fatter, but fitter too
Diesel exhaust raises risk of dying from lung cancer, study says
Birth control: IUDs and implants versus the pill
Bigger warnings on cigarette packs blocked by federal judge
Black Americans die up to 8 years sooner in some states
Sex lives: Fact or fiction
Bigger warnings on cigarette packs blocked by federal judge
Sleep doesn't worsen with age, study shows
Kids eat and drink way too much added sugar, the CDC says
Bird flu research: U.S. panel may take another look
Producing more babies via automation
Lakers' Kobe Bryant sent for MRI post-broken nose: What does it mean?
Sleeping pills linked to higher risk of cancer, death, study says
Statins get new safety warnings
End-of-life care is about much more than pain control
Understanding healthcare reform: A picture's worth 1,000 words
Docs' intensive 'get healthy' program whittles the waist -- a little
Eggs made from stem cells could treat more than just fertility
'Chemo brain' may last and last
Active video games may not promote more exercise for kids: study
CDC: Flu season (finally) here, there's still time to get vaccinated
Researchers issue definition -- and name change -- for PANDAS
Overweight and obese kids may miss more school than normal-weight kids
The lowdown on body piercing: Dermatologists study, offer checklist
FDA advisors endorse weight-loss drug Qnexa
You could die of a broken heart, doctors say
Pro/Con: Is sharing a bed with baby healthful or risky?
Low birth weight may increase autism risk, study finds
Bucking gender expectations: For kids, it's relatively common
The true meaning of Facebook's "in a relationship"
The true meaning of Facebook's 'in a relationship'
Qnexa approval may pave way for another obesity drug
Qnexa approval may pave way for another anti-obesity drug
Colonoscopic polyp removal prevents cancer deaths, study says
If Qnexa gets the green light, who would get the drug?
Diet drug Qnexa should be approved, panel says
At Qnexa hearing, public commenters are split on the drug's value
Raw milk causes most dairy-related disease outbreaks, CDC says
Hepatitis C-related deaths outpace HIV deaths, study says
Childhood vaccine slightly increases seizure risk
Diet drug Qnexa will get a second look
Is going gluten-free always necessary?
Plastic surgery does make you look younger, study finds
After brain injury, can a drug stem the damage?
Judi Dench has degenerative eye condition; says she won't go blind
WHO on bird flu research: Publish in full... someday
Anthony Shadid dies in Syria: How common are deaths from asthma?
Psychiatry debates whether the pain of loss is really depression
Mars candy bars downsizing -- but will you eat less?
Med school admission tests change to reflect new care realities
Salt therapy: A cure for breathing and skin problems?
Why the long wait for Whitney Houston's toxicology reports?
Alzheimer's: Trouble sleeping could affect memory later on
Walk while you work? Many employees join healthful trend
Arsenic found in some infant formula, cereal bars
Does your diet need a makeover? Sign up for a Pantry Raid
Blood thinners may help treat ovarian cancer
The science behind frontotemporal dementia
Gastroesophageal reflux can change your voice
More activity may mean healthier kids, despite sedentary time
Urinary tract infections linked to contaminated chicken
Alzheimer's: Trouble sleeping could affect memory later on, study finds
Seasonal flu ramps up in U.S.; bird flu talks to start in Geneva
Fragmented sleep, fragmented personality?
California palliative-care hospital units increase -- except in L.A.
Taking part in driver education may vary by state and student
For your valentine: A healthy heart
Dietary changes can slow retinitis pigmentosa
Patient satisfaction is costly but maybe not so healthy
Study: Cardiac stem cells can reverse heart attack damage
Childhood maltreatment may affect brain development, study finds
Patient satisfaction is costly but maybe not so healthy
We'll wait weeks for Whitney Houston's toxicology reports: Why?
Dietary changes may slow retinitis pigmentosa: study
A Mediterranean diet may promote brain health: study
Facebook's success: It's about making people feel better
Kids have been sleep-deprived for more than 100 years: study
Birth-control fight turns into a campaign and fundraising tool
Seeing more than just blurred vision in your eye exam
10 things your cardiologist wants you to know
Gastric bypass can affect how medications work
Measles at Super Bowl festivities threatens public health
4.5 million people in the U.S. have knee replacements
Measles at Super Bowl festivities threatens public health
About one-third of patients told by doctors to exercise
Karen Handel calls Planned Parenthood a 'gigantic bully'
Smoking pot a few hours before driving may almost double crash risk
Generic insulin, cancer therapies? They're coming
Amid the politics of contraception, fewer unintended pregnancies
Cancer drug reverses Alzheimer's symptoms in mice, study says
A former Komen board member calls for organization to clean house
Promising obesity-drug candidate destroys bone, studies say
Cesarean section, induced labor not always best choice, studies say
Tai Chi may help Parkinson's patients regain balance
FDA approves no-comb head lice treatment
Some restaurant patrons may pick smaller portions when offered them
Soy pills not helpful for breast cancer prevention, study says
Many doctors hide the truth about medical errors, study finds
Online dating's promise -- and pitfalls
Are you ready for the 1,081-calorie bacon milkshake?
Soccer players' ACL injury risk may drop after a warm-up
Walmart debuts a new icon that identifies healthful foods
Maybe babies don't need the spoon-fed mush
Karen Handel explains Komen resignation, blasts Planned Parenthood
Handel resignation from Komen draws swift reaction on social media
Handel's resignation helps Komen, crisis experts say
Race and mental illness: Do African Americans suffer more schizophrenia or is it bias?
Smoking linked to faster cognitive decline in men
About half of elementary school kids may have access to junk food on campus
Study questions antidepressant link to suicide in kids
Is it Alzheimer's or mild cognitive impairment?
Alberto Contador loses tour title for clenbuterol: What is it?
Malaria kills more people worldwide than once thought, study says
Posting simple signs might get people to take the stairs more often
Piolin pitches P90X, challenges listeners to get in shape
Consultants weigh in on how Komen for the Cure handled the crisis
Komen's decision to aid Planned Parenthood again sparks reactions
Komen reverses decision to cut Planned Parenthood funding
Facebook: Is this any place for the not-so-self-assured to make friends?
Chronic conditions' toll tallied
Komen officials say it's not about abortion
Eating together may put diners' bites in sync, a study finds
Sugar can harm like alcohol and tobacco; regulate it, article says
Congress members ask Komen to rethink Planned Parenthood fund cuts
Sleep apnea may make people more prone to silent strokes
Sugar can harm like alcohol and tobacco, regulate it: article says [Updated]
Komen CEO says politics didn't cause break with Planned Parenthood
Nonprofits react: Dr. Susan Love says she's saddened by Komen decision
In Komen fallout, abortion-breast cancer myth is resurrected
Internet heats up over Komen's Planned Parenthood decision
Komen, Planned Parenthood and Congress: What's the status?
In wake of Komen-Planned Parenthood rift, eyes turn to Karen Handel
Showing kids photos of vegetables may get them to eat a bit more
Sugar can harm like alcohol and tobacco, regulate it: article says
Planned Parenthood: Sen. Alex Padilla a Komen 'Pink Tie Guy' no more
Sleep apnea may make people more prone to silent strokes
Wake-up stroke victims can receive clot-busting drugs, study says
Komen affiliate 'frustrated' by Planned Parenthood decision
Komen affiliate in Connecticut 'frustrated' by funding decision
Komen decision triggering petitions, donations
Partial mastectomy often followed by second surgery
Chronic conditions' toll tallied
Health, quality of life may improve with exercise for cancer survivors
Olympian Natalie Coughlin on food: Eat healthfully, but enjoy it
Cystic fibrosis drug Kalydeco approved by FDA, shows promise
Norovirus caused most U.S. hospital infection outbreaks over 2 years
Panel explains decision to limit publication of bird flu research
In carpools, child booster seat use is 'inconsistent'
Oral HPV rates higher in men than women: What is HPV?
Nurseries urged to look for drug-addicted babies
Lower-limb amputations have declined among diabetics
Erin Brockovich to probe New York 'mass hysteria' case
Snowboarders and skiers prone to different injuries on the slopes
Couple decide to implant frozen embryos
OB-GYNs, neurologists call for domestic violence screening
Fat chefs in the spotlight as 'Fat Chef' debuts on Food Network
Cancer screening in U.S. lags goals, ethnic disparities revealed
People aren't so politically polarized, study finds
HPV study finds 7% of U.S. teens, adults carry virus in mouths
Robotic technology to treat lung cancer
Dietary supplements' safety regulation: too much or not enough?
P90X workout passes muster as a good cardio workout in study
Early sign of autism may be found in babies' gaze
Are you obese? Might depend on whether your doctor is, too
Working 11 hours a day may be linked with depression
Many with rheumatoid arthritis are inactive, despite benefits of exercise
Home births are making a comeback
Morgellons not caused by infectious agent, CDC researchers say
Bird flu researcher: H5N1 work is 'urgent'
Demi Moore may have exhaustion; is it a real medical condition?
School lunch gets a makeover
OB-GYNs, neurologists call for domestic violence screening
Older men may experience more memory loss than women
Smoking, diabetes increase risk of heart attacks, strokes, death
Frying foods in olive, sunflower oils may not be bad for your heart
Cynthia Nixon says she's gay by 'choice.' Is it really a choice?
PFCs associated with lowered response to childhood vaccines
U.S. states and cities ranked for biking, walking habits
Drinking three cups of tea a day may help lower blood pressure
Diabetes patients improve quickly with monthly care, study says
Mushrooms' magic? Tuning out is key to turning on
Therapy based on embryonic stem cells improved patients' vision
Getting the family involved may help obese kids lose weight
Narcissistic men may pay a price--worse health
A new Lego line for girls is offensive, critics say
New LEGO girls' line is offensive, some say
Kids aren't getting the sunscreen message
Seeking addiction treatment? Here's a road map
Being glued to your cell is a problem, experts say
Helmets vary in offering protection for winter sports and play
New MRI machine less expensive, reduces stress of test
Men get 32 of 35 cancers more often than women
Kids may have higher obesity risk if dad is overweight: study
Coffee helps prevent diabetes, now scientists learn why
Kids may have higher obesity risk if dad is overweight, study says
Low-fat does not necessarily mean good fat
Walking in place during commercials offers a good calorie burn
'Biggest Loser' star Bob Harper shares his motivation secrets
Proteins in tears use 'jaws' to chew through bacteria, report says
Abortion ends one in five pregnancies worldwide, study finds
New bird flu deaths, as influenza research debate continues
Sex is possible after heart trouble or stroke
Betty White turns 90: What are her secrets to longevity?
Mental illness struck one in five U.S. adults in 2010: Report
U.S. teen pregnancy rate remains highest in developed world
Paula Deen announces she'll donate to the American Diabetes Assn.
Hepatitis C treatment with antivirals is effective
Gossip might have health benefits -- if it's the right kind
Hepatitis C treatment with antivirals is effective: study
'Totally drug-resistant' TB in India: What happens now?
Exergaming may offer older people cognitive benefits
Retired overweight NFL players might have more cognitive problems
Some groups see opportunity in Paula Deen's Type 2 diabetes
A nose job can make you look younger, not just better
Flu season could mean patients, doctors work while sick
Paula Deen reveals she has Type 2 diabetes
Accidents involving pedestrians wearing headphones have increased
Boy or girl? Don't reveal until 30 weeks pregnant, editorial says
How fast does brain adapt to body injury? Quickly, study says.
Study shows when fetal alcohol syndrome occurs
Tuberculosis strain in India 'totally drug-resistant'
A patient gets a unique gift from a nurse: a kidney
Pilates may be as good as regular exercise for treating low back pain
Pilates may be as good as regular exercise for low back pain
Bird flu research dangers: Experts weigh in
Resveratrol researcher faked data, report says; what drives academic fraud?
Watching 'The Biggest Loser' may increase anti-fat attitudes
Paula Deen may soon reveal she has Type 2 diabetes
Project: Pet Slim Down by Nestle, Jenny Craig aims at pets, owners
Fetal heart monitor also tracks oxygen level
Marijuana lung findings unlikely to change minds
FDA halts orange juice imports to test for pesticide
A new hormone revs up the body's fat-burning engine
Atrial fibrillation: What you don't feel can still hurt you
Daily Grill joins growing restaurant trend with lower-calorie menu items
Man with two hearts saved by defibrillator in the emergency room
Genomes offer clues to treating childhood cancers
IVF study shows no benefit in transfer of three embryos
Cardiac arrest rate low for marathoners
Sarah Burke, freeskier, in critical condition; extreme sports too risky?
Freeskier Sarah Burke's injury raises extreme sports' risk issues
Homicide no longer a leading cause of death
Marijuana lung findings unlikely to change minds
Charles Barkley, Weight Watchers and why athletes eat badly
Occasional marijuana use doesn't harm lungs
What a $1,000 genome could mean for medicine
About 17% of people in the U.S. binge drink, the CDC reports
Soda tax could prevent 26,000 premature deaths, study finds
Eating out and losing weight? It can be done, a study finds
Chick-fil-A debuts more healthful kids' meal
Improved care needed for atrial fibrillation
Venus Williams out of Australian Open: What is Sjogren's syndrome?
Nicotine patch may boost memory in elderly who are mildly impaired
Diabetes could affect wages, jobs for young people
Treatment fails to preserve ovarian function after chemotherapy
Nicotine patches don't work in the real world, study finds
Recall: Mix-up pulls Excedrin, Bufferin, other meds off shelves
Cut back on drinking, British people are advised
Worried about mental decline at 45? Don't freak out, but be vigilant
Man second in U.S. to get anti-pain implant
Study: Annual PSA screening doesn't reduce prostate cancer deaths
You can get kids to cut down on screen time -- but what works best?
Red wine prevents breast cancer? I'll drink to that!
Navajo Nation confronts HIV and AIDS
How clean is your doctor's stethoscope?
Kids prefer variety of foods and colors on their plates
Many hope for fresh start at gym
Some babies' sleep problems may last through the toddler years
Unhealthy dieting leads to higher weight in teens, study says
U.S. may regulate hand, face, other complex transplants
200 million people use illegal drugs; what is the toll on health?
Kate Middleton's new cause: addiction and recovery
Cognitive decline may start in middle age, a study finds
Some girls may think HPV vaccine protects against other STDs, too
Herpes vaccine study produces partial victory
What you can learn from difficult sibling relationships
In child care, being active may take back seat to safety, academics
The American Dietetic Assn. gets a new name
Mild kidney failure: Nick Cannon hospitalized; what is this disease?
FDA limits some antibiotic use in food animals
Nick Cannon hospitalized for 'mild' kidney failure: What is it?
The DASH diet ranks best overall in U.S. News Best Diets 2012
Cancer death rates continue to fall
Twin births skyrocket over last 30 years
Childhood obesity ads spark controversy in Georgia: 'Horrible!'
Sexual satisfaction highest in oldest, youngest women, study says
China's H5N1 bird flu scare should be least of influenza worries
Myocardial infarction: Big minus for U.S. heart attack patients
Too many calories, too little protein may mean more body fat
Weight-loss surgery reduces cardiovascular risks, study says
Physical activity and school performance: A closer look
Silent strokes in the elderly may lead to memory loss
Bill Maher tweet mocks Tim Tebow, but does prayer enhance playing?
Fencing may help improve some cognitive functions in older people
Mistletoe may help kiss away some ills
Why does my child get sick so often?
Tom Brady, Tony Romo and Colt McCoy: Common QB injuries
Quitting smoking is tough, but not impossible
Can you keep a secret? It may be just what you need to lose weight
6,000 women a day hit menopause
A little knowledge is a good thing for hangovers
Being obese could increase the risk of falling in older people
Is Avastin a cost-effective treatment for ovarian cancer patients?
Did Kobe Bryant give Yankees' Alex Rodriguez sound medical advice?
Details of three face transplants offer a closer understanding
Swine flu strain resistant to Tamiflu is spreading more easily
How do we diet? With apps, healthful foods and smaller portions
Consumer Reports rates top treadmills, ellipticals and pedometers
Teens aren't too old to boost their IQ, study finds
Does shift work plus a poor diet equal an occupational hazard?
Smoking during pregnancy may be tied to children's vascular damage
Healthcare workers question some ICU care decisions: Study
The bond between mother and toddler could affect obesity later on
Pediatricians issue a call to aid children facing 'toxic stress'
Kobe Bryant injures wrist: Lessons for him and for weekend warriors
Fathers' work schedules may be linked with their children's weight
Cigar company's Orange Bowl sponsorship is protested
Mental-health experts define 'recovery'
Obesity epidemic may have roots in 1950s
Conjoined twins share one body; can they be separated?
Supreme Court to hear arguments in March on healthcare law
Additive claims to be the boss of sugar, benefiting diabetics
Coffee and athletic performance: Any effect?
Giving babies salty food may create a lifelong preference
Wealthy nations with a lot of fast food: Destined to be obese?
Music to go the extra mile
Be mindful of where you keep your phone
Wal-Mart recalls powdered infant formula
Thinner brains may be more susceptible to Alzheimer's disease
Breast implant scare in France: U.S. doesn't have the same ones
Gay marriage law appears to improve the health of gay men
Her set of baseball cards highlights players' bizarre injuries
How much salt is in starchy foods young children eat?
Musicians may not be at higher risk for dying at 27, study says
Is the 'Lie of the Year' about ending Medicare actually true?
Salt: Do health policymakers meet the limits they recommend? Guess
Many police have sleep disorders, a risk to their health: study
HPV vaccination should be aimed at girls, study says
Women's use of self-tanners may cut down on UV radiation exposure
Drug poisoning deaths continue tragic climb
Neti pot danger? Two die from amoeba infection
Depression treatment: Better but still not great
Youth arrests in the U.S. up in recent decades
Do you want to see what doctors write about you? Apparently, you do
Making a resolution? Diet betting may offer incentive to lose weight
Questions remain about vitamin D benefits and risks
Friends start out with a lot in common, Facebook data show
Too many brain injuries spark a call to ban fighting in hockey
Men who walk faster may be able to outpace the Grim Reaper
Young women's use of reproductive health services declines
Singer Etta James terminally ill: What is chronic leukemia?
Thanks for the memory
Christopher Hitchens' esophageal cancer, in his own words
More doctors going the alternative route
Going through some hard times may make people tougher
Meet the chimps who helped researchers study human health
Exercise drops off when teens transition to college, study finds
Teen drinking, smoking continue to decline, but pot use is up
Finding the root of the problem with hair extensions
Make it a drugstore Christmas
Biggest childhood obesity declines seen in New York City middle schools
Fewer kids are exposed to unwanted sexual content online
HPV test beats pap smear in cervical cancer screening
Biggest childhood obesity declines seen in New York City schools
'Biggest Loser' winner John Rhode fears weight regain: How to keep weight off?
Current practices protect human research subjects, panel says
Are elevators really hazardous to your health?
Smoking? Not exercising? Here are some tips to get you through the holidays
One in 4 women has been harmed by an intimate partner, CDC says
Fewer people are getting married; how does marriage affect health?
Charles Barkley slims down with Weight Watchers
Teens don't find soft drinks so sweet if seeing sweat equivalents
Quality of life may improve for smokers who quit
High-tech swimsuits may have given swimmers advantage, study says
Does working make mothers happier and healthier?
ADHD drugs don't increase heart risks in adults, study finds
Treating ocular hypertension may reduce the risk of glaucoma: study
Is that marzipan real or fake? There's a new way to test it
World's tiniest infants doing fine now, but . . .
Taking the stairs makes you more fit, saves you time, study says
Miscarriage risks in focus after Michelle Duggar pregnancy loss
Firms warned over sale of weight-loss hormone
Mode of delivery doesn't affect later maternal stress
Drug combos could hold off advanced breast cancer
Side effects may cause some women to quit breast cancer drugs early
Low-carb diets beat low-cal for cutting pounds and cancer risk
Vermont keeps title of healthiest state, report shows
The culprit in a cookie dough E. coli outbreak could be raw flour
Breast cancer and starch: Hold the pasta
Weight-loss drug Qnexa is poised for FDA approval
Shift work: Good for your pocketbook, bad for your health
Hold the pasta: Starchy food linked to breast cancer recurrence
Chronic pain is common child complaint, study finds
Sporadic low-carb diets may help lower weight, insulin resistance
O.B. Ultra tampons are coming back, and the company apologizes with a song
